Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Politics of the Day 15 videos Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Video Ad Feedback Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 - Source: CNN Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 Video Ad Feedback Body language expert breaks down Trump-Putin meeting 1:18 - Source: CNN Body language expert breaks down Trump-Putin meeting 1:18 Video Ad Feedback Witkoff: US aims for consensus with Zelensky ahead of possible trilateral talks 0:53 - Source: CNN Witkoff: US aims for consensus with Zelensky ahead of possible trilateral talks 0:53 Video Ad Feedback Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 - Source: CNN Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 Video Ad Feedback Analysis: What to expect from Zelensky-Trump meeting 1:46 - Source: CNN Analysis: What to expect from Zelensky-Trump meeting 1:46 Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 - Source: CNN Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 Video Ad Feedback 'Trump did not lose, but Putin clearly won': Bolton reacts to Alaska summit 0:47 - Source: CNN 'Trump did not lose, but Putin clearly won': Bolton reacts to Alaska summit 0:47 Video Ad Feedback Putin makes confused expression as journalists ask about Ukraine 0:16 - Source: CNN Putin makes confused expression as journalists ask about Ukraine 0:16 Video Ad Feedback Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 - Source: CNN Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 Video Ad Feedback DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 - Source: CNN DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 Video Ad Feedback Gavin Newsom responds to federal immigration raid outside his news conference 1:26 - Source: CNN Gavin Newsom responds to federal immigration raid outside his news conference 1:26 Video Ad Feedback Putin praises Trump for 'sincere' efforts to end war 1:37 - Source: CNN Putin praises Trump for 'sincere' efforts to end war 1:37 Video Ad Feedback JD Vance’s visit to Cotswolds draws locals to protest 1:08 - Source: CNN JD Vance’s visit to Cotswolds draws locals to protest 1:08 Video Ad Feedback Whelan on Trump-Putin summit: ‘Trump is trying to make a deal with the devil’ 2:56 - Source: CNN Whelan on Trump-Putin summit: ‘Trump is trying to make a deal with the devil’ 2:56 See all topics Email Link Copied! Democratic Texas state Rep. Nicole Collier has now spent over 24 hours on the Texas House floor in protest after refusing a Republican demand to be placed under the watch of the state Department of Public Safety. When Texas House Democrats returned to the Capitol in Austin on Monday, after having fled the state earlier this month in order to prevent a vote on a controversial Republican redistricting plan, House Speaker Dustin Burrows put constraints on their movements. Burrows announced that the Democrats could only leave the House floor if they received written permission and agreed to be under law enforcement escort until the chamber reconvenes on Wednesday morning. Ad Feedback The Democrats who skipped out on previous attempts to meet quorum for a special session to approve the redrawn congressional maps will have an around-the-clock DPS escort to ensure their presence when the House convenes Wednesday, a legislative aide told CNN. Democrats had fled to blue states — including Illinois, New York and Massachusetts — as they faced civil arrest warrants pushed by GOP officials in Texas to force them back into the House chamber. The majority of the Democrats complied with the law enforcement escort, showing reporters what they called “permission slips” they received to leave the House floor and pointing to the officers escorting them around the Capitol. But Collier refused to enter into that agreement and has been confined to the House floor since returning. She can only leave the floor to return to her office under the watch of a law enforcement officer, an aide said, and cannot leave the state Capitol unless she agrees to outside supervision. State Reps. Gene Wu and Vince Perez, who signed the “permission slips” to leave with a police escort yesterday, stayed on the House floor with Collier through the night, the aide said. Rep. Perez left early this morning but Wu remained in the chamber with Collier. Wu posted a photo on X Monday evening detailing some of their snacks for the long stretch ahead - dried peaches, freeze dried grapes, popcorn and ramen. “My constituents sent me to Austin to protect their voices and rights,” said Collier. “I refuse to sign away my dignity as a duly elected representative just so Republicans can control my movements and monitor me with police escorts. My community is majority-minority, and they expect me to stand up for their representation. When I press that button to vote, I know these maps will harm my constituents — I won’t just go along quietly with their intimidation or their discrimination.” State Rep. Nicole Collier talks on the phone from the floor of the House, where she has chosen to remain until Wednesday, after Democratic lawmakers who had left the state to prevent Republicans from redrawing Texas’s 38 congressional districts returned to the Capitol in Austin, Texas, on August 18, 2025. Texas Democrat Beto O’Rourke celebrated Collier’s protest on Monday, writing on social media , “A true hero, refusing to submit, fighting these fascists by herself if she has to. We are with you Nicole!” Burrows said in a statement, “Rep. Collier’s choice to stay and not sign the permission slip is well within her rights under the House Rules.” The Texas House Speaker said that he is “choosing to spend my time focused on” important legislation. The Texas House established a quorum Monday afternoon, for the first time since most members of the Democratic minority fled the state 15 days earlier to prevent it from having the two-thirds quorum necessary to advance new congressional maps aimed at creating five more Republican-leaning seats ahead of next year’s midterm elections. Early in their boycott, Burrows had signed civil arrest warrants for those Democrats. But DPS officers could not carry out those warrants because the Democrats were out of state. At President Donald Trump’s urging, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Republicans who control the state House and Senate launched the effort to redraw the state’s congressional districts mid-decade — a break from most states’ typical practice of redistricting once a decade, after the completion of the US Census. It’s part of the party’s effort to hold onto its narrow House majority in next year’s midterm elections — one that also includes lobbying GOP officials in Indiana and Missouri to change their maps to turn Democratic-held seats into favorable ground for Republicans, and could see the party add more GOP-leaning seats in Ohio, which is required by state law to redistrict. The Texas effort has set off a nationwide gerrymandering arms race. In California, Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has vowed retribution, proposing a measure that would trigger new maps that could help Democrats pick up five more seats in the state — but only if Texas moves forward with its redistricting plan. This story and headline have been updated with additional details. See all topics Email Link Copied! Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Politics of the Day 15 videos Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Video Ad Feedback Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 - Source: CNN Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 Video Ad Feedback Body language expert breaks down Trump-Putin meeting 1:18 - Source: CNN Body language expert breaks down Trump-Putin meeting 1:18 Video Ad Feedback Witkoff: US aims for consensus with Zelensky ahead of possible trilateral talks 0:53 - Source: CNN Witkoff: US aims for consensus with Zelensky ahead of possible trilateral talks 0:53 Video Ad Feedback Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 - Source: CNN Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 Video Ad Feedback Analysis: What to expect from Zelensky-Trump meeting 1:46 - Source: CNN Analysis: What to expect from Zelensky-Trump meeting 1:46 Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 - Source: CNN Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 Video Ad Feedback 'Trump did not lose, but Putin clearly won': Bolton reacts to Alaska summit 0:47 - Source: CNN 'Trump did not lose, but Putin clearly won': Bolton reacts to Alaska summit 0:47 Video Ad Feedback Putin makes confused expression as journalists ask about Ukraine 0:16 - Source: CNN Putin makes confused expression as journalists ask about Ukraine 0:16 Video Ad Feedback Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 - Source: CNN Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 Video Ad Feedback DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 - Source: CNN DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 Video Ad Feedback Gavin Newsom responds to federal immigration raid outside his news conference 1:26 - Source: CNN Gavin Newsom responds to federal immigration raid outside his news conference 1:26 Video Ad Feedback Putin praises Trump for 'sincere' efforts to end war 1:37 - Source: CNN Putin praises Trump for 'sincere' efforts to end war 1:37 Video Ad Feedback JD Vance’s visit to Cotswolds draws locals to protest 1:08 - Source: CNN JD Vance’s visit to Cotswolds draws locals to protest 1:08 Video Ad Feedback Whelan on Trump-Putin summit: ‘Trump is trying to make a deal with the devil’ 2:56 - Source: CNN Whelan on Trump-Putin summit: ‘Trump is trying to make a deal with the devil’ 2:56 See all topics Email Link Copied! Democratic Texas state Rep. Nicole Collier has now spent over 24 hours on the Texas House floor in protest after refusing a Republican demand to be placed under the watch of the state Department of Public Safety. When Texas House Democrats returned to the Capitol in Austin on Monday, after having fled the state earlier this month in order to prevent a vote on a controversial Republican redistricting plan, House Speaker Dustin Burrows put constraints on their movements. Burrows announced that the Democrats could only leave the House floor if they received written permission and agreed to be under law enforcement escort until the chamber reconvenes on Wednesday morning. Ad Feedback The Democrats who skipped out on previous attempts to meet quorum for a special session to approve the redrawn congressional maps will have an around-the-clock DPS escort to ensure their presence when the House convenes Wednesday, a legislative aide told CNN. Democrats had fled to blue states — including Illinois, New York and Massachusetts — as they faced civil arrest warrants pushed by GOP officials in Texas to force them back into the House chamber. The majority of the Democrats complied with the law enforcement escort, showing reporters what they called “permission slips” they received to leave the House floor and pointing to the officers escorting them around the Capitol. But Collier refused to enter into that agreement and has been confined to the House floor since returning. She can only leave the floor to return to her office under the watch of a law enforcement officer, an aide said, and cannot leave the state Capitol unless she agrees to outside supervision. State Reps. Gene Wu and Vince Perez, who signed the “permission slips” to leave with a police escort yesterday, stayed on the House floor with Collier through the night, the aide said. Rep. Perez left early this morning but Wu remained in the chamber with Collier. Wu posted a photo on X Monday evening detailing some of their snacks for the long stretch ahead - dried peaches, freeze dried grapes, popcorn and ramen. “My constituents sent me to Austin to protect their voices and rights,” said Collier. “I refuse to sign away my dignity as a duly elected representative just so Republicans can control my movements and monitor me with police escorts. My community is majority-minority, and they expect me to stand up for their representation. When I press that button to vote, I know these maps will harm my constituents — I won’t just go along quietly with their intimidation or their discrimination.” State Rep. Nicole Collier talks on the phone from the floor of the House, where she has chosen to remain until Wednesday, after Democratic lawmakers who had left the state to prevent Republicans from redrawing Texas’s 38 congressional districts returned to the Capitol in Austin, Texas, on August 18, 2025. Texas Democrat Beto O’Rourke celebrated Collier’s protest on Monday, writing on social media , “A true hero, refusing to submit, fighting these fascists by herself if she has to. We are with you Nicole!” Burrows said in a statement, “Rep. Collier’s choice to stay and not sign the permission slip is well within her rights under the House Rules.” The Texas House Speaker said that he is “choosing to spend my time focused on” important legislation. The Texas House established a quorum Monday afternoon, for the first time since most members of the Democratic minority fled the state 15 days earlier to prevent it from having the two-thirds quorum necessary to advance new congressional maps aimed at creating five more Republican-leaning seats ahead of next year’s midterm elections. Early in their boycott, Burrows had signed civil arrest warrants for those Democrats. But DPS officers could not carry out those warrants because the Democrats were out of state. At President Donald Trump’s urging, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Republicans who control the state House and Senate launched the effort to redraw the state’s congressional districts mid-decade — a break from most states’ typical practice of redistricting once a decade, after the completion of the US Census. It’s part of the party’s effort to hold onto its narrow House majority in next year’s midterm elections — one that also includes lobbying GOP officials in Indiana and Missouri to change their maps to turn Democratic-held seats into favorable ground for Republicans, and could see the party add more GOP-leaning seats in Ohio, which is required by state law to redistrict. The Texas effort has set off a nationwide gerrymandering arms race. In California, Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has vowed retribution, proposing a measure that would trigger new maps that could help Democrats pick up five more seats in the state — but only if Texas moves forward with its redistricting plan. This story and headline have been updated with additional details. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! Democratic Texas state Rep. Nicole Collier has now spent over 24 hours on the Texas House floor in protest after refusing a Republican demand to be placed under the watch of the state Department of Public Safety. When Texas House Democrats returned to the Capitol in Austin on Monday, after having fled the state earlier this month in order to prevent a vote on a controversial Republican redistricting plan, House Speaker Dustin Burrows put constraints on their movements. Burrows announced that the Democrats could only leave the House floor if they received written permission and agreed to be under law enforcement escort until the chamber reconvenes on Wednesday morning. Ad Feedback The Democrats who skipped out on previous attempts to meet quorum for a special session to approve the redrawn congressional maps will have an around-the-clock DPS escort to ensure their presence when the House convenes Wednesday, a legislative aide told CNN. Democrats had fled to blue states — including Illinois, New York and Massachusetts — as they faced civil arrest warrants pushed by GOP officials in Texas to force them back into the House chamber. The majority of the Democrats complied with the law enforcement escort, showing reporters what they called “permission slips” they received to leave the House floor and pointing to the officers escorting them around the Capitol. But Collier refused to enter into that agreement and has been confined to the House floor since returning. She can only leave the floor to return to her office under the watch of a law enforcement officer, an aide said, and cannot leave the state Capitol unless she agrees to outside supervision. State Reps. Gene Wu and Vince Perez, who signed the “permission slips” to leave with a police escort yesterday, stayed on the House floor with Collier through the night, the aide said. Rep. Perez left early this morning but Wu remained in the chamber with Collier. Wu posted a photo on X Monday evening detailing some of their snacks for the long stretch ahead - dried peaches, freeze dried grapes, popcorn and ramen. “My constituents sent me to Austin to protect their voices and rights,” said Collier. “I refuse to sign away my dignity as a duly elected representative just so Republicans can control my movements and monitor me with police escorts. My community is majority-minority, and they expect me to stand up for their representation. When I press that button to vote, I know these maps will harm my constituents — I won’t just go along quietly with their intimidation or their discrimination.” State Rep. Nicole Collier talks on the phone from the floor of the House, where she has chosen to remain until Wednesday, after Democratic lawmakers who had left the state to prevent Republicans from redrawing Texas’s 38 congressional districts returned to the Capitol in Austin, Texas, on August 18, 2025. Texas Democrat Beto O’Rourke celebrated Collier’s protest on Monday, writing on social media , “A true hero, refusing to submit, fighting these fascists by herself if she has to. We are with you Nicole!” Burrows said in a statement, “Rep. Collier’s choice to stay and not sign the permission slip is well within her rights under the House Rules.” The Texas House Speaker said that he is “choosing to spend my time focused on” important legislation. The Texas House established a quorum Monday afternoon, for the first time since most members of the Democratic minority fled the state 15 days earlier to prevent it from having the two-thirds quorum necessary to advance new congressional maps aimed at creating five more Republican-leaning seats ahead of next year’s midterm elections. Early in their boycott, Burrows had signed civil arrest warrants for those Democrats. But DPS officers could not carry out those warrants because the Democrats were out of state. At President Donald Trump’s urging, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Republicans who control the state House and Senate launched the effort to redraw the state’s congressional districts mid-decade — a break from most states’ typical practice of redistricting once a decade, after the completion of the US Census. It’s part of the party’s effort to hold onto its narrow House majority in next year’s midterm elections — one that also includes lobbying GOP officials in Indiana and Missouri to change their maps to turn Democratic-held seats into favorable ground for Republicans, and could see the party add more GOP-leaning seats in Ohio, which is required by state law to redistrict. The Texas effort has set off a nationwide gerrymandering arms race. In California, Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has vowed retribution, proposing a measure that would trigger new maps that could help Democrats pick up five more seats in the state — but only if Texas moves forward with its redistricting plan. This story and headline have been updated with additional details. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .