• Ukraine security: US President Donald Trump has ruled out sending US troops to Ukraine to help enforce a peace deal. Meanwhile, NATO military leaders are expected to meet tomorrow to discuss Ukraine’s “current security environment.” • Trump pushes Ukraine talks: Trump also said he “sort of set up” a meeting between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin, but that they “have to call the shots.” The Kremlin today reiterated its refusal to commit to a meeting but stopped short of ruling out further talks. • White House summit : Zelensky hailed yesterday’s talks involving Trump and key European leaders as a “significant step” toward ending the war. Trump paused his meeting with Zelensky and European leaders to speak with Putin by phone, sources told CNN. 43 Posts Ukrainian serviceman wait next to a military truck equipped with an anti-aircraft twin gun during a Russian air attack near Pavlograd, Dnipropetrovsk region on July 19. European Commission Vice President Kaja Kallas said the European Union would help train Ukrainian soldiers and slap new sanctions on Russia after a virtual meeting of the “Coalition of the Willing” on Tuesday. “Putin cannot be trusted to honour any promise or commitment,” Kallas wrote in a post on X. “Therefore, security guarantees must be strong and credible enough to deter Russia from re-grouping and re-attacking.” Among those security guarantees, Kallas continued, will be EU training for “Ukrainian soldiers and strengthening Ukraine’s armed forces and defence industry.” Earlier on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the British prime minister’s office said in a statement that the coalition had discussed how sanctions “could be placed on Putin until he showed he was ready to take serious action to end his illegal invasion.” Link Copied! Japanese Prime Minister Ishiba Shigeru is seen during joint press briefing with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and European Council President Antonio Costa in July. Japanese Prime Minister Shigeru Ishiba said that his country will participate in guaranteeing Ukraine’s security but remained tight-lipped on what this would involve, Nippon reported. However, Ishiba stressed that Japan is “not in the phase where we can provide details” about the support it can offer Ukraine. While not a formal member of NATO, Japan works closely with the military alliance, and Ishiba’s comments are a measure of how many Western countries are prepared to help defend Ukraine in the event of future Russian aggression, after a peace deal is struck to end Moscow’s invasion. Following Monday’s meeting with US President Donald Trump at the White House, European leaders have been discussing how they can provide security guarantees to Ukraine in the future, including by deploying a peacekeeping force. NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte said Monday that 30 countries – including Japan – are working on a framework to shore up Ukraine’s security after a ceasefire or full peace deal between Kyiv and Moscow. Link Copied! The NATO flag flies in Berlin, Germany, on July 9. NATO military leaders are expected to meet Wednesday afternoon to discuss Ukraine, following a meeting at the White House Monday between President Donald Trump and several key European leaders — including NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte, a senior NATO official told CNN. The meeting — hosted by NATO’s Military Committee and announced on X by chairman of the NATO’s Military Committee Adm. Giuseppe Cavo Dragone — will be briefed by Supreme Allied Commander Europe US Gen. Alex Grynkewich, the official said. “As diplomatic efforts to secure peace in Ukraine progress,​ looking forward to his [Grynkewich’s] update on the current security environment,” Dragone said. Remember: Future security guarantees for Ukraine were among key topics discussed Monday at the White House. French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters that the “first and most important” outcome of the talks was the US’ commitment to help develop security plans. Trump said Monday that while Europe would take the lead on security for Ukraine, the US is “going to help them out also.” “We’ll be involved,” Trump said. But on Tuesday, he ruled out sending American troops to Ukraine, despite expressing an openness to the idea Monday. Wednesday’s meeting will also come less than a week after a summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska, at the end of which Trump declared no deal struck on a ceasefire. Link Copied! President Donald Trump today addressed Ukraine’s future and the extent of US involvement in potential peacekeeping, ruling out the deployment of US troops . Since Trump took office in January, the US has not announced any new aid for Ukraine, marking the longest period with no new assistance from the US since Russia’s full-scale invasion in January 2022, according to the Kiel Institute for the World Economy. The US is still the biggest individual contributor since the start of the war in 2022, but its share has dropped from 52% by the end of last year to 47% by July, according to the Kiel Institute for the World Economy, as Europe scrambles to make up for the loss of American aid. Chief Pentagon Spokesperson Sean Parnell said, however, in early July that the Department of Defense will send additional defensive weapons to Ukraine. In contrast, European countries have allocated more in aid during this period than they did in all of 2024. Link Copied! If you’re just joining our coverage of today’s developments, here’s what you should know: No US troops: A White House official confirmed Tuesday that US President Donald Trump has ruled out putting US troops on the ground in Ukraine. Trump’s meeting proposal: Trump has called for a trilateral summit involving Presidents Volodymyr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin, telling Fox News he has “sort of” set up a meeting between his Ukrainian and Russian counterparts. Russia’s response: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov refused to commit to a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, but stopped short of ruling out further talks. A “significant step”: Zelensky described Monday’s summit at the White House as a “significant step toward ending the war”. On the battlefield: Ukraine used long-range drones to strike two Russian ammunition depots in the occupied Luhansk region, Ukraine’s Security Service (SBU) said. CNN’s Samantha Waldenberg, Svitlana Vlasova, Lauren Kent, Anna Chernova, Christian Edwards, Alayna Treene, Kevin Liptak Tori B. Powell and Betsy Klein contributed reporting. Link Copied! A fire engulfs a building at Sumy State University in Sumy, Ukraine, that was hit by a Russian airstrike on Monday. Russia must stop the violence in Ukraine, European Council President António Costa says, adding that strong pressure through sanctions should be maintained if the Kremlin does not halt the conflict. “After three and a half years of war, diplomatic activity is accelerating, and there is growing momentum around providing Ukraine with security guarantees, including the agreement of United States President Trump to participate in this effort. We welcome this,” Costa said Tuesday in a news conference in Lisbon, Portugal, following a video conference with EU leaders. “Now is the time to accelerate our practical work, to put in place a guarantee similar to NATO’s Article Five, with continued United States engagement,” Costa said. “The Coalition of the Willing should remain closely involved in this process,” he added, arguing that European leaders need to be involved because “Ukraine’s and Europe’s security (is) what is at stake here.” Link Copied! US troops at Al Udeid Air Base in Doha, Qatar gather to listen President Donald Trump deliver remarks during a visit he made in May. President Donald Trump has ruled out sending American troops to help enforce a potential peace deal in Ukraine, despite him expressing an openness to the idea yesterday. In a phone interview on Fox News this morning, Trump was asked: “What kind of assurances do you feel like you have, going forward, past this Trump administration, that it won’t be American boots on the ground defending (Ukraine’s) border?” “Well, you have my assurance, and I’m president,” Trump responded. A White House official confirmed Tuesday that Trump is “emphatic” about not sending US troops to protect Ukraine. But, that person added, there are other ways for the US to ensure Kyiv is protected. The official added that conversations regarding commitments on security guarantees are ongoing, and the specifics of what that will look like will continue to be the subject of negotiations between the US, its European allies and Ukraine. Foreign leaders want to know what resources Trump will commit to ensure that, once a potential peace deal is reached, Russia isn’t able to regroup and go after more territory down the road. Trump said Tuesday that he still believes European countries are the “first line of defense” when it comes to Russian aggression in Ukraine, but that the US will be involved in helping to secure the region. More context: Trump was elected in part on a promise to keep American troops out of foreign conflicts, and even some members of his own administration have advocated for a vastly reduced US role in the Ukraine war. This post has been updated with additional information. Link Copied! Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin. The United States will likely have to pressure Russian President Vladimir Putin to hold talks with President Volodymyr Zelensky, Yehor Cherniev, member of Ukrainian parliament, said. Asked by CNN’s John Berman whether he believes Putin will ultimately sit down with Zelensky, Cherniev said that he does not think the Russian president will agree on his own. He added that, from the Ukrainian side, “President Zelensky said that he is ready to meet with President Putin without any preconditions. And I think it’s a good manifestation that-that we are ready for a peace. But definitely not the peace on the any conditions for any price.” Remember: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has refused to commit to a meeting between Putin and Zelensky — but stopped short of ruling out further talks. Link Copied! Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov spoke briefly to reporters as he arrived at a hotel in Anchorage, on Thursday, wearing a sweater emblazoned with “CCCP” – the Cyrillic lettering for “USSR.” Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov claimed that US Secretary of State Marco Rubio told him that he liked the “USSR” sweater he wore ahead of Friday’s summit in Alaska. Lavrov caused a stir last week when he arrived at a hotel in Anchorage wearing a sweater emblazoned with “CCCP” - the Cyrillic letters for the Soviet Union. Speaking to Russian state media Tuesday, Lavrov said the US delegation in Alaska reacted to his choice of attire without “any hysteria,” and that Rubio even said that he liked the sweater. Pro-Kremlin commentators were delighted with Lavrov’s outfit, which seemed intended to hark back to Russia’s time as an imperial power during the Cold War. Olga Skabeeva, a state television host, shared a picture of Lavrov’s sweater saying: “The sweater! USSR! The best!!” But, speaking Tuesday, Lavrov downplayed his sweater’s symbolism. “We are talking about the fact that there is history and this history needs to be preserved, including, if you like, with a sense of light humor,” he added. Link Copied! Ukraine’s allies in the “Coalition of the Willing” discussed potentially placing more sanctions pressure on Russia to end the war in Ukraine, according to a Downing Street spokesperson. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer co-chaired a meeting of the coalition on Tuesday, alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. “Turning to next steps, the Prime Minister outlined that Coalition of the Willing planning teams would meet with their US counterparts in the coming days to further strengthen plans to deliver robust security guarantees and prepare for the deployment of a reassurance force if the hostilities ended,” the Downing Street spokesperson said in a statement. Downing Street described yesterday’s meeting in Washington as “constructive,” with Starmer saying “it was clear there was a real sense of unity and shared goal of securing a just and lasting peace for Ukraine.” Link Copied! Russian soldiers patrol an area in Perevalnoye, outside Simferopol, Crimea on March 20, 2014. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov claimed that Moscow never intended to capture Ukrainian territory, but instead to “protect” Russian-speakers living in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. Speaking to Russian state media on Tuesday, Lavrov claimed Russia “never sought to seize territories – neither Crimea, nor Donbas.” Instead, he said Russia’s goal was “to protect the Russians who had lived on these lands for centuries.” Lavrov’s claim was reminiscent of the false justification Russia gave for its unprovoked invasion and annexation of Crimea in 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin said at the time that he launched his military intervention in Crimea, as well as the Donbas, to protect ethnic Russians and Russian speakers from what he claimed was persecution by Ukrainian authorities. Discussing the US-backed efforts to reach a comprehensive peace settlement in Ukraine, Lavrov said: “Without respect for Russia’s security interests and the rights of Russians and Russian-speaking residents of Ukraine, there can be no talk of any long-term agreements.” Russia used the same pretext when it launched its invasion of Georgia in 2008. Attempting to justify taking military action, then-President Dmitry Medvedev claimed that Moscow needed to protect Russian speakers in the breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Link Copied! More from President Donald Trump’s phone interview with Fox News, happening now. He appeared to blame Ukraine for starting the war with Russia, saying “you don’t take on a nation that’s 10 times your size.” Russia invaded Ukraine, a sovereign nation, in February of 2022. Trump referred to Ukraine’s Donbas during the interview, though he has provided few specifics publicly about Russian President Vladimir Putin’s latest demands on territory, saying those discussions are up to the Russian leader and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. “Now they’re talking about Donbas, but Donbas right now, as you know, is 79% owned and controlled by Russia. So they understand what that means,” the president added. Link Copied! Serhii Nakhalenko cries as he holds his youngest son, Danylo, as he and his family arrive at a evacuation transit area and prepare to leave for the next location, north of Dobropillya in Donetsk Region, Ukraine on August 18. US President Donald Trump now says European leaders expressed concerns to him during yesterday’s meetings about whether US security guarantees in a potential Ukraine peace deal would continue past his presidency. “They did. We talked about it. Yeah – it is what it is. I can say the same thing about them,” Trump added, in his interview with Fox News. Trump acknowledged that even if Ukraine and Russia come to an agreement, the future of the conflict and efforts to deter Russian President Vladimir Putin from seeking additional territory will depend upon who is in the Oval Office. Some context: The US president and European leaders are discussing security guarantees for Ukraine to ensure Russia doesn’t try to invade again once the countries reach an elusive peace deal. Link Copied! U.S. President Donald Trump meets European leaders amid negotiations to end the Russian war in Ukraine, at the White House in Washington, DC, on August 18. US President Donald Trump says some European leaders do not have the same sense of urgency regarding ending the Russia-Ukraine war that he does. Asked now by Fox News about his plans to try and set up a bilateral meeting between Russian Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, Trump said one of the European leaders at the White House recommended meeting again in “another month or two.” He did not name who he was talking about. Trump said he argued too many people would die by then, and that they needed to get started on planning “tonight.” “‘I said, ‘A month or two? You’re gonna have another 40,000 people dead in a month or two. You have to do it tonight,’” Trump added. “And I did, actually. I called President Putin and I’m trying to work out a meeting with President Zelensky.” Link Copied! U.S. President Donald Trump (R) greets Russian President Vladimir Putin as he arrives at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska on August 15. US President Donald Trump now says there is a “warmth” between him and Russian President Vladimir Putin, and it was felt during their summit in Anchorage, Alaska last Friday. Asked about yesterday’s phone call between himself and Putin, which took place while seven European leaders and Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky were at the White House, Trump said that he didn’t talk to the Russian leader in front of the other world leaders because he thought it “would be disrespectful” to Putin. Link Copied! We’re hearing now from US President Donald Trump. Speaking on Fox News, he has given more details on his plans for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. “I sort of set it up with Putin and Zelensky, and you know, they’re the ones that have to call the shots, we’re, we’re 7,000 miles away,” Trump said. “I called President Putin, and we’re trying to work out a meeting with President Zelensky and we’ll see what happens there and then if that works out, if it works out, then I’ll go to the trilat and close it up,” he added. The president added that Putin and Zelensky, in his opinion, are “getting along a little bit better than I thought.” “I think the fact that maybe they’re getting along a little bit better than I thought otherwise, I wouldn’t have set up the two meeting. I would have set up the three, a trilat, but I think they’re doing a little bit better. There’s been tremendous bad blood,” the president said. Link Copied! Ukraine used long-range drones to strike two Russian ammunition depots in the occupied Luhansk region, Ukraine’s Security Service (SBU) said on Tuesday. The depots were in the village of Bilokurakyne, which Ukraine said “is located on an important railway line used to supply ammunition from Russia to the front line, in particular to the Pokrovsk direction.” Pokrovsk is a key city in Ukraine’s Donetsk region , southwest of Luhansk, which has been in the Kremlin’s crosshairs for more than a year and has been a hotspot of fighting for months. Link Copied! Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent speaks to reporters at the Capitol in Washington, DC, on June 24. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said Russian President Vladimir Putin’s meeting with President Donald Trump in Alaska last week was akin to “inviting your uncontrollable neighbor to your house and showing him your gun case.” His comments come after Trump welcomed Putin to Alaska on Friday and hosted meetings with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and multiple European leaders at the White House on Monday. Bessent said they had a “very good meeting” with Zelensky and his team for about an hour and a half. “And then we went, met with the European leaders. It was an incredible group to have in the White House, all led by President Trump. And yes, the culmination of that was a call with President Putin,” Bessent said. Trump has continued to try to negotiate an end to Russia’s war in Ukraine and said he was arranging a meeting between his Ukrainian and Russian counterparts. The treasury secretary added on Tuesday, “My strong belief is that there will be a bilateral meeting between President Putin and President Zelensky. And that’s the only way to end this conflict is to get the two sides talking.” Link Copied! Finland's President Alexander Stubb speaks to the press at Blenheim Palace in Woodstock, England on July 18, 2024. Countries in the “Coalition of the Willing”, a group of Ukraine’s allies, have just been briefed on the talks between European leaders and US President Donald Trump held at the White House yesterday, according to Finland’s President Alexander Stubb. Here’s what different leaders have said so far: Finland: “The meeting helped to ensure that all countries have a common understanding of the situation. The meeting reaffirmed the unity and determination of Europe to support Ukraine in the process of achieving a lasting peace, which was strengthened by the discussions in Washington,” Stubb said. Poland: Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said that the leaders of Canada, Japan, Turkey, New Zealand and other European countries were briefed. “We all confirmed the need for continued support for Ukraine in the war with Russia,” Tusk said in a statement on Tuesday. Australia: “Australia continues to stand with Ukraine,” the country’s Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said. “Australia welcomes ongoing efforts towards achieving a just and enduring peace, including yesterday’s discussions in Washington.” EU: Meanwhile, the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen gave a preview of that European Council meeting taking place shortly, in which she said the EU would be “discussing the progress made in our efforts for peace for Ukraine.” European Council President António Costa said: “Ukraine has been — and will remain — at the top of Leaders’ agendas in the weeks and months ahead, as we continue to support efforts toward a just and sustainable peace.” “As a first step, Russia must immediately end the violence,” Costa added, confirming the start of the European Council meeting. Link Copied! The bodies of 1,000 people were repatriated to Ukraine by Russia on Tuesday, in line with previously negotiated agreements. Russia said they belong to Ukrainian military personnel, according to Ukraine’s Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War, but Ukraine has yet to verify the claim. During previous exchanges, Russia returned some bodies that were in Russian military uniforms or were found with Russian documents and dog tags, according to Ukraine’s Interior Ministry. “Unfortunately, among those repatriated are the bodies of five Ukrainian servicemen who died in captivity. They were on the list of ‘seriously wounded and seriously ill’ prisoners to be exchanged in accordance with the agreements reached in Istanbul during the second round of negotiations,” Ukraine’s POW headquarters said in a statement. The headquarters said the deceased Ukrainian soldiers had been serving in the Ukrainian regions of Donetsk, Zaporizhzhia and Luhansk, as well as in the incursion into Russia’s Kursk region. The Ukrainian authority thanked the International Committee of the Red Cross for assisting with the repatriation of bodies. Kremlin aide Vladimir Medinsky said Tuesday that Moscow received the bodies of 19 dead servicemen in exchange. Link Copied! Ukrainian serviceman wait next to a military truck equipped with an anti-aircraft twin gun during a Russian air attack near Pavlograd, Dnipropetrovsk region on July 19. European Commission Vice President Kaja Kallas said the European Union would help train Ukrainian soldiers and slap new sanctions on Russia after a virtual meeting of the “Coalition of the Willing” on Tuesday. “Putin cannot be trusted to honour any promise or commitment,” Kallas wrote in a post on X. “Therefore, security guarantees must be strong and credible enough to deter Russia from re-grouping and re-attacking.” Among those security guarantees, Kallas continued, will be EU training for “Ukrainian soldiers and strengthening Ukraine’s armed forces and defence industry.” Earlier on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the British prime minister’s office said in a statement that the coalition had discussed how sanctions “could be placed on Putin until he showed he was ready to take serious action to end his illegal invasion.” Link Copied! Japanese Prime Minister Ishiba Shigeru is seen during joint press briefing with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and European Council President Antonio Costa in July. Japanese Prime Minister Shigeru Ishiba said that his country will participate in guaranteeing Ukraine’s security but remained tight-lipped on what this would involve, Nippon reported. However, Ishiba stressed that Japan is “not in the phase where we can provide details” about the support it can offer Ukraine. While not a formal member of NATO, Japan works closely with the military alliance, and Ishiba’s comments are a measure of how many Western countries are prepared to help defend Ukraine in the event of future Russian aggression, after a peace deal is struck to end Moscow’s invasion. Following Monday’s meeting with US President Donald Trump at the White House, European leaders have been discussing how they can provide security guarantees to Ukraine in the future, including by deploying a peacekeeping force. NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte said Monday that 30 countries – including Japan – are working on a framework to shore up Ukraine’s security after a ceasefire or full peace deal between Kyiv and Moscow. Link Copied! The NATO flag flies in Berlin, Germany, on July 9. NATO military leaders are expected to meet Wednesday afternoon to discuss Ukraine, following a meeting at the White House Monday between President Donald Trump and several key European leaders — including NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte, a senior NATO official told CNN. The meeting — hosted by NATO’s Military Committee and announced on X by chairman of the NATO’s Military Committee Adm. Giuseppe Cavo Dragone — will be briefed by Supreme Allied Commander Europe US Gen. Alex Grynkewich, the official said. “As diplomatic efforts to secure peace in Ukraine progress,​ looking forward to his [Grynkewich’s] update on the current security environment,” Dragone said. Remember: Future security guarantees for Ukraine were among key topics discussed Monday at the White House. French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters that the “first and most important” outcome of the talks was the US’ commitment to help develop security plans. Trump said Monday that while Europe would take the lead on security for Ukraine, the US is “going to help them out also.” “We’ll be involved,” Trump said. But on Tuesday, he ruled out sending American troops to Ukraine, despite expressing an openness to the idea Monday. Wednesday’s meeting will also come less than a week after a summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska, at the end of which Trump declared no deal struck on a ceasefire. Link Copied! President Donald Trump today addressed Ukraine’s future and the extent of US involvement in potential peacekeeping, ruling out the deployment of US troops . Since Trump took office in January, the US has not announced any new aid for Ukraine, marking the longest period with no new assistance from the US since Russia’s full-scale invasion in January 2022, according to the Kiel Institute for the World Economy. The US is still the biggest individual contributor since the start of the war in 2022, but its share has dropped from 52% by the end of last year to 47% by July, according to the Kiel Institute for the World Economy, as Europe scrambles to make up for the loss of American aid. Chief Pentagon Spokesperson Sean Parnell said, however, in early July that the Department of Defense will send additional defensive weapons to Ukraine. In contrast, European countries have allocated more in aid during this period than they did in all of 2024. Link Copied! If you’re just joining our coverage of today’s developments, here’s what you should know: No US troops: A White House official confirmed Tuesday that US President Donald Trump has ruled out putting US troops on the ground in Ukraine. Trump’s meeting proposal: Trump has called for a trilateral summit involving Presidents Volodymyr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin, telling Fox News he has “sort of” set up a meeting between his Ukrainian and Russian counterparts. Russia’s response: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov refused to commit to a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, but stopped short of ruling out further talks. A “significant step”: Zelensky described Monday’s summit at the White House as a “significant step toward ending the war”. On the battlefield: Ukraine used long-range drones to strike two Russian ammunition depots in the occupied Luhansk region, Ukraine’s Security Service (SBU) said. CNN’s Samantha Waldenberg, Svitlana Vlasova, Lauren Kent, Anna Chernova, Christian Edwards, Alayna Treene, Kevin Liptak Tori B. Powell and Betsy Klein contributed reporting. Link Copied! A fire engulfs a building at Sumy State University in Sumy, Ukraine, that was hit by a Russian airstrike on Monday. Russia must stop the violence in Ukraine, European Council President António Costa says, adding that strong pressure through sanctions should be maintained if the Kremlin does not halt the conflict. “After three and a half years of war, diplomatic activity is accelerating, and there is growing momentum around providing Ukraine with security guarantees, including the agreement of United States President Trump to participate in this effort. We welcome this,” Costa said Tuesday in a news conference in Lisbon, Portugal, following a video conference with EU leaders. “Now is the time to accelerate our practical work, to put in place a guarantee similar to NATO’s Article Five, with continued United States engagement,” Costa said. “The Coalition of the Willing should remain closely involved in this process,” he added, arguing that European leaders need to be involved because “Ukraine’s and Europe’s security (is) what is at stake here.” Link Copied! US troops at Al Udeid Air Base in Doha, Qatar gather to listen President Donald Trump deliver remarks during a visit he made in May. President Donald Trump has ruled out sending American troops to help enforce a potential peace deal in Ukraine, despite him expressing an openness to the idea yesterday. In a phone interview on Fox News this morning, Trump was asked: “What kind of assurances do you feel like you have, going forward, past this Trump administration, that it won’t be American boots on the ground defending (Ukraine’s) border?” “Well, you have my assurance, and I’m president,” Trump responded. A White House official confirmed Tuesday that Trump is “emphatic” about not sending US troops to protect Ukraine. But, that person added, there are other ways for the US to ensure Kyiv is protected. The official added that conversations regarding commitments on security guarantees are ongoing, and the specifics of what that will look like will continue to be the subject of negotiations between the US, its European allies and Ukraine. Foreign leaders want to know what resources Trump will commit to ensure that, once a potential peace deal is reached, Russia isn’t able to regroup and go after more territory down the road. Trump said Tuesday that he still believes European countries are the “first line of defense” when it comes to Russian aggression in Ukraine, but that the US will be involved in helping to secure the region. More context: Trump was elected in part on a promise to keep American troops out of foreign conflicts, and even some members of his own administration have advocated for a vastly reduced US role in the Ukraine war. This post has been updated with additional information. Link Copied! Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin. The United States will likely have to pressure Russian President Vladimir Putin to hold talks with President Volodymyr Zelensky, Yehor Cherniev, member of Ukrainian parliament, said. Asked by CNN’s John Berman whether he believes Putin will ultimately sit down with Zelensky, Cherniev said that he does not think the Russian president will agree on his own. He added that, from the Ukrainian side, “President Zelensky said that he is ready to meet with President Putin without any preconditions. And I think it’s a good manifestation that-that we are ready for a peace. But definitely not the peace on the any conditions for any price.” Remember: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has refused to commit to a meeting between Putin and Zelensky — but stopped short of ruling out further talks. Link Copied! Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov spoke briefly to reporters as he arrived at a hotel in Anchorage, on Thursday, wearing a sweater emblazoned with “CCCP” – the Cyrillic lettering for “USSR.” Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov claimed that US Secretary of State Marco Rubio told him that he liked the “USSR” sweater he wore ahead of Friday’s summit in Alaska. Lavrov caused a stir last week when he arrived at a hotel in Anchorage wearing a sweater emblazoned with “CCCP” - the Cyrillic letters for the Soviet Union. Speaking to Russian state media Tuesday, Lavrov said the US delegation in Alaska reacted to his choice of attire without “any hysteria,” and that Rubio even said that he liked the sweater. Pro-Kremlin commentators were delighted with Lavrov’s outfit, which seemed intended to hark back to Russia’s time as an imperial power during the Cold War. Olga Skabeeva, a state television host, shared a picture of Lavrov’s sweater saying: “The sweater! USSR! The best!!” But, speaking Tuesday, Lavrov downplayed his sweater’s symbolism. “We are talking about the fact that there is history and this history needs to be preserved, including, if you like, with a sense of light humor,” he added. Link Copied! Ukraine’s allies in the “Coalition of the Willing” discussed potentially placing more sanctions pressure on Russia to end the war in Ukraine, according to a Downing Street spokesperson. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer co-chaired a meeting of the coalition on Tuesday, alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. “Turning to next steps, the Prime Minister outlined that Coalition of the Willing planning teams would meet with their US counterparts in the coming days to further strengthen plans to deliver robust security guarantees and prepare for the deployment of a reassurance force if the hostilities ended,” the Downing Street spokesperson said in a statement. Downing Street described yesterday’s meeting in Washington as “constructive,” with Starmer saying “it was clear there was a real sense of unity and shared goal of securing a just and lasting peace for Ukraine.” Link Copied! Russian soldiers patrol an area in Perevalnoye, outside Simferopol, Crimea on March 20, 2014. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov claimed that Moscow never intended to capture Ukrainian territory, but instead to “protect” Russian-speakers living in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. Speaking to Russian state media on Tuesday, Lavrov claimed Russia “never sought to seize territories – neither Crimea, nor Donbas.” Instead, he said Russia’s goal was “to protect the Russians who had lived on these lands for centuries.” Lavrov’s claim was reminiscent of the false justification Russia gave for its unprovoked invasion and annexation of Crimea in 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin said at the time that he launched his military intervention in Crimea, as well as the Donbas, to protect ethnic Russians and Russian speakers from what he claimed was persecution by Ukrainian authorities. Discussing the US-backed efforts to reach a comprehensive peace settlement in Ukraine, Lavrov said: “Without respect for Russia’s security interests and the rights of Russians and Russian-speaking residents of Ukraine, there can be no talk of any long-term agreements.” Russia used the same pretext when it launched its invasion of Georgia in 2008. Attempting to justify taking military action, then-President Dmitry Medvedev claimed that Moscow needed to protect Russian speakers in the breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Link Copied! More from President Donald Trump’s phone interview with Fox News, happening now. He appeared to blame Ukraine for starting the war with Russia, saying “you don’t take on a nation that’s 10 times your size.” Russia invaded Ukraine, a sovereign nation, in February of 2022. Trump referred to Ukraine’s Donbas during the interview, though he has provided few specifics publicly about Russian President Vladimir Putin’s latest demands on territory, saying those discussions are up to the Russian leader and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. “Now they’re talking about Donbas, but Donbas right now, as you know, is 79% owned and controlled by Russia. So they understand what that means,” the president added. Link Copied! Serhii Nakhalenko cries as he holds his youngest son, Danylo, as he and his family arrive at a evacuation transit area and prepare to leave for the next location, north of Dobropillya in Donetsk Region, Ukraine on August 18. US President Donald Trump now says European leaders expressed concerns to him during yesterday’s meetings about whether US security guarantees in a potential Ukraine peace deal would continue past his presidency. “They did. We talked about it. Yeah – it is what it is. I can say the same thing about them,” Trump added, in his interview with Fox News. Trump acknowledged that even if Ukraine and Russia come to an agreement, the future of the conflict and efforts to deter Russian President Vladimir Putin from seeking additional territory will depend upon who is in the Oval Office. Some context: The US president and European leaders are discussing security guarantees for Ukraine to ensure Russia doesn’t try to invade again once the countries reach an elusive peace deal. Link Copied! U.S. President Donald Trump meets European leaders amid negotiations to end the Russian war in Ukraine, at the White House in Washington, DC, on August 18. US President Donald Trump says some European leaders do not have the same sense of urgency regarding ending the Russia-Ukraine war that he does. Asked now by Fox News about his plans to try and set up a bilateral meeting between Russian Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, Trump said one of the European leaders at the White House recommended meeting again in “another month or two.” He did not name who he was talking about. Trump said he argued too many people would die by then, and that they needed to get started on planning “tonight.” “‘I said, ‘A month or two? You’re gonna have another 40,000 people dead in a month or two. You have to do it tonight,’” Trump added. “And I did, actually. I called President Putin and I’m trying to work out a meeting with President Zelensky.” Link Copied! U.S. President Donald Trump (R) greets Russian President Vladimir Putin as he arrives at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska on August 15. US President Donald Trump now says there is a “warmth” between him and Russian President Vladimir Putin, and it was felt during their summit in Anchorage, Alaska last Friday. Asked about yesterday’s phone call between himself and Putin, which took place while seven European leaders and Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky were at the White House, Trump said that he didn’t talk to the Russian leader in front of the other world leaders because he thought it “would be disrespectful” to Putin. Link Copied! We’re hearing now from US President Donald Trump. Speaking on Fox News, he has given more details on his plans for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. “I sort of set it up with Putin and Zelensky, and you know, they’re the ones that have to call the shots, we’re, we’re 7,000 miles away,” Trump said. “I called President Putin, and we’re trying to work out a meeting with President Zelensky and we’ll see what happens there and then if that works out, if it works out, then I’ll go to the trilat and close it up,” he added. The president added that Putin and Zelensky, in his opinion, are “getting along a little bit better than I thought.” “I think the fact that maybe they’re getting along a little bit better than I thought otherwise, I wouldn’t have set up the two meeting. I would have set up the three, a trilat, but I think they’re doing a little bit better. There’s been tremendous bad blood,” the president said. Link Copied! Ukraine used long-range drones to strike two Russian ammunition depots in the occupied Luhansk region, Ukraine’s Security Service (SBU) said on Tuesday. The depots were in the village of Bilokurakyne, which Ukraine said “is located on an important railway line used to supply ammunition from Russia to the front line, in particular to the Pokrovsk direction.” Pokrovsk is a key city in Ukraine’s Donetsk region , southwest of Luhansk, which has been in the Kremlin’s crosshairs for more than a year and has been a hotspot of fighting for months. Link Copied! Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent speaks to reporters at the Capitol in Washington, DC, on June 24. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said Russian President Vladimir Putin’s meeting with President Donald Trump in Alaska last week was akin to “inviting your uncontrollable neighbor to your house and showing him your gun case.” His comments come after Trump welcomed Putin to Alaska on Friday and hosted meetings with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and multiple European leaders at the White House on Monday. Bessent said they had a “very good meeting” with Zelensky and his team for about an hour and a half. “And then we went, met with the European leaders. It was an incredible group to have in the White House, all led by President Trump. And yes, the culmination of that was a call with President Putin,” Bessent said. Trump has continued to try to negotiate an end to Russia’s war in Ukraine and said he was arranging a meeting between his Ukrainian and Russian counterparts. The treasury secretary added on Tuesday, “My strong belief is that there will be a bilateral meeting between President Putin and President Zelensky. And that’s the only way to end this conflict is to get the two sides talking.” Link Copied! Finland's President Alexander Stubb speaks to the press at Blenheim Palace in Woodstock, England on July 18, 2024. Countries in the “Coalition of the Willing”, a group of Ukraine’s allies, have just been briefed on the talks between European leaders and US President Donald Trump held at the White House yesterday, according to Finland’s President Alexander Stubb. Here’s what different leaders have said so far: Finland: “The meeting helped to ensure that all countries have a common understanding of the situation. The meeting reaffirmed the unity and determination of Europe to support Ukraine in the process of achieving a lasting peace, which was strengthened by the discussions in Washington,” Stubb said. Poland: Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said that the leaders of Canada, Japan, Turkey, New Zealand and other European countries were briefed. “We all confirmed the need for continued support for Ukraine in the war with Russia,” Tusk said in a statement on Tuesday. Australia: “Australia continues to stand with Ukraine,” the country’s Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said. “Australia welcomes ongoing efforts towards achieving a just and enduring peace, including yesterday’s discussions in Washington.” EU: Meanwhile, the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen gave a preview of that European Council meeting taking place shortly, in which she said the EU would be “discussing the progress made in our efforts for peace for Ukraine.” European Council President António Costa said: “Ukraine has been — and will remain — at the top of Leaders’ agendas in the weeks and months ahead, as we continue to support efforts toward a just and sustainable peace.” “As a first step, Russia must immediately end the violence,” Costa added, confirming the start of the European Council meeting. Link Copied! The bodies of 1,000 people were repatriated to Ukraine by Russia on Tuesday, in line with previously negotiated agreements. Russia said they belong to Ukrainian military personnel, according to Ukraine’s Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War, but Ukraine has yet to verify the claim. During previous exchanges, Russia returned some bodies that were in Russian military uniforms or were found with Russian documents and dog tags, according to Ukraine’s Interior Ministry. “Unfortunately, among those repatriated are the bodies of five Ukrainian servicemen who died in captivity. They were on the list of ‘seriously wounded and seriously ill’ prisoners to be exchanged in accordance with the agreements reached in Istanbul during the second round of negotiations,” Ukraine’s POW headquarters said in a statement. The headquarters said the deceased Ukrainian soldiers had been serving in the Ukrainian regions of Donetsk, Zaporizhzhia and Luhansk, as well as in the incursion into Russia’s Kursk region. The Ukrainian authority thanked the International Committee of the Red Cross for assisting with the repatriation of bodies. Kremlin aide Vladimir Medinsky said Tuesday that Moscow received the bodies of 19 dead servicemen in exchange. Link Copied! Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .