Shows — RT
العربيةESPРУСDEFRRS
Where to watch
Schedule
RT News App
Question more
Trump meets Zelensky and Western backers in Washington | Russia-Ukraine conflict
live
Russia & Former Soviet Union
World News
Business
India
Africa
RT Features
Analysis
Opinion
Entertainment
Shows
Projects
Trump meets Zelensky and Western backers in Washington | Russia-Ukraine conflict
Trump wraps up talks with Zelensky and European leaders: Live Updates
HomeShowsWhere to watchSchedule
Imperial Receipts
Imperial Receipts is a ten-part series confronting historical amnesia. Led by Shashi Tharoor – politician, author and chair of Indian Parliament’s External Affairs Committee – it reveals how Britain plundered a vast nation, what was lost, and how empire still shapes today’s politics and economics. Through archives and sharp analysis, it asks: should the loot be returned, and why must we reckon with London’s whitewashed past?
i
Sanchez Effect
Sanchez Effect is a journalistic rebellion. RT’s flagship program is led by Rick Sanchez, the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning newsman who’s made a career out of defying the status quo.
“When only one side of a story is permitted, that’s when I push harder. If Moscow is deemed off-limits, it’s precisely where I want to be. Because more often than not, truth resides in the places we’re told not to look.”
i
Africa Within
The program “Africa Within” explores a variety of socio-political and human narratives relevant to the African continent today. Each episode transports viewers to various regions of this vast Mother Continent, providing an intimate glimpse into the lives of Africans today. It reveals their inspiration and struggles, and highlights the perspectives of African nations towards Russia and the broader international community.
i
Lumumba’s Africa
Lumumba’s Africa focuses on the past and current issues affecting the African continent; Filmed amidst the beautiful landscapes of Kenya and hosted by Professor P.L.O. Lumumba, the show looks at the many dichotomies of Africa: why are some of the economies thriving while others stall; why conflicts emerge and refuse to die down, and why despite colonialism being ‘gone’, it still ruins the prosperity of nations.
i
Inland Visions
What do you really know about Russia? Inland Visions follows host Peter Scott across the vast and diverse landscapes of the world’s largest country. Meet its fascinating people, discover age-old traditions, vibrant cultures, and the rich tapestry of Russian history. Prepare for breathtaking scenery, unforgettable encounters, and a deeper understanding of Russia’s past and present.
i
Let’s Talk Bharat
Bollywood superstar Anupam Kher will speak with India’s most influential people about the culture and politics of Bharat – the traditional Hindi name for India preferred by those who want to see their country develop away from the condescending lectures of its old colonial rulers.
i
Moscow Mules
Chay Bowes and his team of Moscow Mules take on the hot topics & events of the week with an angle that you might not expect. Global politics, viral vids, liars and heroes – Chay breaks it all down. You’ll be having a laugh, maybe even a cry, but there will definitely be something to think about – tune in!
i
Going Underground
Twice a week, award-winning journalist Afshin Rattansi and his team go underground to cover geopolitics and current affairs from a perspective you won’t find in the mainstream media, with some of the most high-profile guests.
i
CrossTalk
CrossTalk is a TV debate experience which presents hot-topic discussions on politics, business, newsmakers, global trends, present-day conflicts, and dangers and challenges facing our world. Host Peter Lavelle poses hard, straightforward questions to his guests, and demands concrete answers in response.
i
Worlds Apart
Worlds Apart is a fast-paced, in-depth discussion on the most pressing issues facing the world today.It strives to depart from the traditional Q&A form of interview in favor of a more emotive and engaging conversation. Host Oksana Boyko is not afraid to ask the hard questions that others avoid, with the aim of promoting intelligent public debate.
i
Documentary
RT's documentaries give a varied and unique view on different aspects of life worldwide. They expose outdated myths and stereotypes, reveal intriguing history and geography, showcase varied wildlife and exquisite cuisines, introduce you to vibrant nightlife and curious customs. Original footage of historical events and sharp analysis of contemporary politics will give you a deeper understanding of what made history take this or that turn. RT's documentaries go beyond the bare facts, thoroughly investigating the issues and giving the viewer a chance to see below the surface.
i
Interview
RT meets with leading politicians, major newsmakers, international art figures, bright new thinkers, and innovators in science and technology to conduct exclusive interviews. We travel the world to meet our guests where, relaxed and informal, we seek out important and interesting aspects of their lives and work.
i
News
RT news, interviews and shows available as podcasts you can download for free. Our coverage focuses on international headlines, giving an innovative angle set to challenge viewers worldwide.
i
Archive:
Perspective
Direct Impact
The 360 View
The Cost of Everything
The Whistleblowers
The Modus Operandi
Starbound
Africa Now
The Big Picture
Boom Bust
On contact
The World According to Jesse
In Question
News. Views. Hughes
Just press play
SophieCo. Visionaries
Eat the Press
I Don't Understand with William Shatner
Sputnik Orbiting the World
Renegade Inc.
Redacted Tonight
Dennis Miller + One
The News on RT America
The Alex Salmond Show
America’s Lawyer
Keiser Report
The News with Rick Sanchez
Watching the Hawks
Politicking
Larry King Now
Front Running
Dagestan: Land of Warriors
SophieCo
How to Watch the News with Slavoj Žižek
To The Moon
On the Touchline with José Mourinho
GONZO
The Great American Pilgrimage
Evening News
The Stan Collymore Show
The Peter Schmeichel Show
World Cup Fever
News Thing
CrossTalk Bullhorns: Irresponsible rhetoric
Has Trump lost his mind? He goes off the deep-end over a tweet and dispatches nuclear submarines. He continues to slap tariffs left, right and center while acknowledging sanctions may not work on Russia. Also, how long can the US and Israel ignore...
Call it genocide
The Global Hunger Monitor says ‘worst case scenario of famine playing out in Gaza.’ The vast majority of the world is disgusted and outraged over Israel’s genocidal war on the Palestinians. Leading Israeli human rights groups...
Trump’s escalation
Trump has the habit of suddenly changing his mind. His 50-day ultimatum directed at Russia to end the Ukraine conflict is now up in the air. Why the change is anyone’s guess. However, it is fair to assume Trump wants to divert attention from...
RT News - August 18 2025 (17:00 MSK)
Hungary accuses Ukraine of attacking a key Russian pipeline that transports oil into the country, saying Brussels and Kiev are trying to drag Budapest into the war. Russian security services foil the latest attempt to bomb the crossing to the...
RT News - August 18 2025 (10:00 MSK)
Donald Trump says Vladimir Zelensky has the option to finally bring the war to a close. This comes ahead of the pair's crunch talks in the Oval Office. For the first time, France's president hints Ukraine may have to accept the loss of some of its...
RT News - August 17 2025 (17:00 MSK)
Handshakes amid hopes for peace. Vladimir Putin hails his historic meeting with Donald Trump as frank and comprehensive, and says both sides are on the same page on many matters. The carnage continues in Gaza. The body count rises in...
العربيةespрусdefrrsRT News AppNewsRussia & Former Soviet UnionBusinessAfricaIndiaRT FeaturesAnalysisOpinionEntertainmentShowsProjectsLiveApplicationsWhere to watchScheduleSponsored contentTerms of UsePrivacy policyAbout RTRT Promo: Hall of FameContact infoFeedback & ComplaintsVacancies© Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2025. All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies. Read RT Privacy policy to find out more.Accept cookies
0:00     0:00                                                                                   0:00     0:00                                                        0:00     0:00