"People-centered" philosophy is the value orientation of Chinese modernization 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics "People-centered" philosophy is the value orientation of Chinese modernization Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-19 08:42:09 CGTN Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download Unwaveringly adhering to "people-centered" development is the fundamental stance of China's economic development. To pursue people-centered development means always taking the pursuit of happiness for the Chinese people, the fulfillment of people's aspirations for a better life, and the realization of people's free and well-rounded development as both the starting point and ultimate goal of economic progress. The people-centered development philosophy was first put forward at the Fifth Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC). The report to the 20th National Congress of the CPC reiterated the people-centered approach multiple times. This principle runs through every aspect of China's economic work in the new era. The scientific connotations of people-centered economic thought The people-centered economic thought is rich in meaning, offering a profound answer to the fundamental theoretical and practical questions of for whom development is pursued, on whom development depends, and who should share its fruits? Its core connotations include: Chinese modernization is for the people, with the people as its value objective, underscoring that the people's aspirations for a better life are our goal; Chinese modernization relies on the people, with the people as the principal agents of practice, calling on the masses to draw on their local conditions and work positions to give full play to their creativity and initiative, thereby forging a powerful collective force to drive all-round development; Chinese modernization takes "people's well-rounded development" as its essential nature, stressing that the fruits of modernization are to be shared by the people, that people's satisfaction is the measure of progress, and that common prosperity entails both material and cultural-ethical enrichment for all. For example, guided by the "Fengqiao Experience" in the new era, over 90 percent of grassroots disputes and conflicts in Zhuji, Zhejiang Province, are resolved at social governance centers at the township and village levels. Beijing's "community based whistleblowing and interdepartmental coordination", Zhejiang's "one trip at most," the comprehensive medical reform in Sanming, Fujian Province, and innovative reform initiatives across the country since the new era such as "one-stop integrated services", "one-network services", and "one seal for approval" all vividly reflect the ethos that development is for the people and depends on the people, with its fruits shared by the people. Core features of people-centered economic thought People-centered economic thought encapsulates the CPC's class character, original aspiration, nature and purpose, and ideals and convictions. First, it interprets the CPC's original aspiration. Second, it embodies its nature and purpose. The people's perspective, stance, and values epitomize the CPC's nature and purpose. The people-centered philosophy is a vivid illustration that helps people understand the CPC's nature and purpose. Third, it highlights the contemporary value of Chinese modernization. The people-centered approach is what fundamentally sets the Chinese path to modernization apart from that of other countries, serving as the basic value orientation, the starting point, the ultimate goal, and the standard of measurement for Chinese modernization. Fourth, it underscores the powerful driving force of the CPC's governance. The people are the principal force propelling social and national development, and people's practice is the primary driver of historical and contemporary evolutions and changes. The "people-centered" approach arises from the practical needs of the Party and state building in the new era, representing the dialectical unity of practical logic, historical logic, and theoretical logic. The practical force of people-centered economic thought As a value orientation in practice, the people-centered approach clarifies the key questions of "for whom to act" and "how to act", while providing answers to a series of important issues concerning both the great cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the people at large. We must fully recognize that Chinese modernization is the cause of the entire people, and that it must firmly rely on the people, drawing upon the inexhaustible wisdom and strength within them. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the CPC Central Committee has stood firmly with the people, worked actively to improve the institutional system through which the people run the country, and continuously deepened its understanding of the people's extremely important role in the Party's and the nation's development. In advancing high-quality development, it has continually realized the people's aspirations for a better life; in developing whole-process people's democracy, it has effectively ensured that the people run the country; in building cultural confidence and strength, it has continually met people's ever-growing intellectual and cultural needs; in vigorously strengthening social development, it has worked to raise people's quality of life; and in steadily advancing green development, it has gradually enhanced people's sense of fulfillment and happiness. In various areas, a wide array of concrete and tangible results have been achieved. For example, in the drafting of the Civil Code, opinions were solicited publicly on ten separate occasions, yielding 1.02 million comments and suggestions from all sectors of society. In this way, the Civil Code became a legal compendium safeguarding the rights of the broadest possible population. At the grassroots level, various forms of democracy, such as "courtyard deliberation halls", "household consultation meetings", and "consultative discussion rooms", have emerged, ensuring that the people genuinely participate in governance in various aspects. In urban renewal projects, some regions require multiple rounds of consultation with residents on renovation, with stipulated approval thresholds. If the threshold is not met, the projects would not proceed. All these specific measures vividly demonstrate the fundamental stance of people-centered economic development and notable improvement in people's sense of participation, happiness, and security. More Photo Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Annual U.S. 'National Night Out' held in California Traditional Chinese culture attracts students of SCO member countries to Tianjin Athletes experience local life ahead of World Games in SW China's Chengdu Giant pandas celebrate their birthday in SW China's Chongqing Savoring a Citywalk along Beijing Central Axis as autumn nears Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Top news Chinese premier urges efforts to meet annual development goals Channels to solicit opinions expanded Lasting bond honors Flying Tigers legacy Tianjin's green shift and maritime power Shanghai Composite hits 10-year high as A-share market tops 100 trillion yuan More Video Insights | The West always arrives late after conflict, but now they will know truth: Marcus World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]