Delicate wares exhibit county's resilience 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Culture Delicate wares exhibit county's resilience Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-01 08:41:43 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download The Vortex, a porcelain sculpture by Xu Ruifeng, at the largest exhibition of Dehua porcelain in Shanghai. (Photo provided to China Daily） Showcase highlights the history of Dehua's famous white porcelain culture, which quickly attracted international attention and inspired artists worldwide, Zhang Kun reports. Blanc de Chine, or "white from China", originated in a small town in Southeast China's Fujian province that has grown to become a big name internationally. Blanc de Chine is the French name given to porcelain goods made in Dehua, due to their outstanding quality and refined aesthetics. Dehua is a county in the middle of Fujian under the administration of Quanzhou city, with a population under 300,000. The county boasts a pottery-making history of over 3,700 years, Wu Zhipu, head of Dehua county, says at the opening of the largest exhibition of Dehua porcelain in Shanghai: "Dehua is one origin of China's ceramic culture." The ivory-white glaze of Dehua porcelain has won the hearts of people worldwide, becoming an ambassador of global cultural exchanges, he says. Dehua porcelain can be found in more than 40 internationally renowned museums. The exhibition Pure by Nature: The Art of Blanc de Chine is open at the China Art Museum, Shanghai, until Sept 18. It presents over 200 Dehua porcelain masterpieces in a systematic showcase of its glorious history and contemporary achievements, and explores its core aesthetics and international significance that transcends cultures, says Zhang Xiaoling, curator of the exhibition and dean of the College of Fine Arts at East China Normal University. During the Song Dynasty (960-1279), Dehua porcelain began entering overseas markets and gradually became an important export commodity from China along the ancient Maritime Silk Road. A small jar in the collection of the St Mark's Basilica in Venice, Italy, was believed to be the first Chinese porcelain to reach Europe. It was made in Dehua and is said to have been brought back by Marco Polo in the 13th century. Li Zhanggao (middle, sitting), a porcelain artist from Dehua, Fujian province, shares the craft with visitors to the China Art Museum, Shanghai. (Photo provided to China Daily) Dehua porcelain achieved great technical improvements in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). White porcelain acquired a new, pure, refined look when decorative pieces, tablewares, and statues of Buddhist deities were exported to Southeast Asia and Europe in the 18th century. Augustus the Strong of Dresden (1670-1733), also known as Augustus II, King of Poland, was a renowned enthusiast of Dehua porcelain. He obtained more than 1,000 pieces for his collection, according to the introduction of Blanc de Chine on the Victoria &Albert Museum (in the United Kingdom) website. An alchemist under Augustus II's command successfully created the first European white porcelain in the early 1700s. "Since then, European manufacturers, such as Meissen, St. Cloud and Chelsea have made imitations of Dehua white porcelain and reinvented some of its iconic forms and patterns," according to the museum's introduction. The exhibition in Shanghai is divided into three sections. The first chapter, Renewing the Present, features iconic pieces by contemporary masters, such as a cauldron made by Chen Renhai for the Fujian Pavilion at the World Expo 2010 in Shanghai, a Buddha statue that combines porcelain crafting with Thangka painting, and jewelry inlays by Lian Zihua. The most popular exhibit in this section is the statue of Princess Yushu, inspired by the 2005 film The Myth. Visitors swarmed around the sculpture, marveling at the meticulous depiction of her chiffon robe, which is no more than 0.2 millimeters at its thickest. Lian Deli takes great pride in his creation, saying that "it is the thinnest piece of Dehua white porcelain ever made." It took him nearly seven years to complete the sculpture after hundreds of firing failures. "You have to adjust the clay composition and control the kiln temperature constantly. It takes meticulous skills and a bit of luck," he says. Li Zhanggao, one of the exhibition's featured artists, shares with China Daily his experience transitioning from a graphic designer to a master craftsman of Dehua porcelain. Princess Yushu, a porcelain sculpture by Lian Deli, is a highlight at the exhibition that ends on Sept 18. (Photo provided to China Daily) Almost everybody from Dehua has a connection to porcelain, he says. "In our community, you will always find some craftsmen in this trade from each generation." His father worked with porcelain production materials, and he became attracted to the porcelain sculptures that depict human figures. "I have always been interested in China's traditional culture, so I decided to create my own interpretation of traditional subjects." On exhibition are two of Li's 18 Arhats series, which tell of the feats of legendary Buddhists. Each standing 62 centimeters tall and 45 centimeters wide, the sculptures depict two Buddhist monks conquering a tiger and dragon, respectively. "You see the tiger's mouth opening to bite, but as its eyes meet with those of the Arhat, the paws are half-dropped, right at the moment it was tamed," he says. The second chapter of the exhibition, Echoes of History, features treasured cultural relics from the Quanzhou Museum's collection presented in chronological order, from pottery birds unearthed from the primitive celadon kiln dating back 3,700 years to Buddha and other Chinese deity statues by He Chaozong (1522-1600). In the exhibition hall's center in this chapter stands an installation featuring the Taixing shipwreck. The giant merchant ship set sail from the port of Amoy (today's Xiamen in Fujian province) in 1822, heading for Indonesia. It hit a reef and sank to the bottom of the sea with all its valuable cargo. The shipwreck was salvaged in 1999, where many Dehua porcelain wares were discovered. This chapter reveals the rich history of Dehua porcelain through its cultural relics, documents and videos. The third chapter, Crafting the Future, features experimental creations by contemporary Dehua ceramic artists who craft unconventional forms, subjects and techniques. By hosting the exhibition, the China Art Museum, Shanghai (also know as the Shanghai Art Museum), hopes to "bring audiences close to the charm and aesthetics of Dehua porcelain in Shanghai, a metropolis that attracts worldwide attention, and inject new vitality into the city's cultural life," says Wang Yichuan, executive director of the institution. Also on show is Conquering the Tiger, a porcelain piece by Li Zhanggao. (Photo provided to China Daily) Related news Over 900 historical relics found in two ancient shipwrecks in South China Sea 2024-06-14 More Photo China successfully launches sixth batch of low Earth orbit satellites Exploring picturesque summer scenery at Tiaozini Wetland in Jiangsu's Dongtai Sanmenxia Reservoir discharges water to clear up sediment in Yellow River Harbin Polarland sees summer tourism boom Enchanting Kunshan invites travelers on a 'county journey' China launches commercial carrier rocket SQX-1 Y10 Firefighters trek uphill to aid stranded residents in Beijing after heavy rains Qin Haiyang wins China's first swimming gold at Singapore Worlds Heritage sign unveiled for Beijing Central Axis on World Heritage Listing Anniversary China launches internet satellite group Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Xi receives credentials of new ambassadors to China Xi meets European Council president, European Commission president in Beijing Exploring Qiantang River Bridge in east China China sees over 300 million railway passenger trips in summer rush Exploring growing yak industry in Ngari Prefecture, Xizang Team China claims gold for artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championships Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Ancient Salt Sheep Road rejuvenates in modern Xizang Typhoon Wipha moves away from Macao SAR TCM practitioners seize dog days of summer to treat winter illness for patients Steed for ages: Hexi horses from Gansu become a cultural superstar Sea of verbena flowers mesmerizes visitors in Harbin Yardlong bean harvest boosted by drone transport in Guangxi Visitors enjoy local performances and cuisine at grand bazaar in Urumqi Peng Liyuan attends Bond with Kuliang: 2025 China-U.S. youth friendship event 35th Hong Kong Book Fair boasts brisk business Over 1,000 vehicles made in China to be shipped to Middle East countries Visiting Shanggao Martyrs' Cemetery for Anti-Japanese War heroes in Jiangxi West Lake's lotus flowers in full bloom in Hangzhou 'Community Care Center' brings warmth to villagers along Lhasa River Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang attends advanced manufacturing event at 3rd CISCE Aerial view of village at southern foothills of the Qilian Mountains Qingdao launches 'beer bus' to explore new tourism experiences(1/4) Bumper harvest of wampee fruits keeps farmers busy in Guangxi Xi meets heads of foreign delegations attending SCO council of foreign ministers meeting Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Top news Heavy rainfall in Beijing leaves 44 dead, 9 missing 21 cases of illegal activities related to land, natural resources reported in Q2 War veteran Yang Ronghua urges youth to remember history US business leader: 'Constructive dialogue, collaboration' needed more than ever Over 1 million Chinese benefited from fertility treatment coverage last year More Video (W.E. Talk) Ulterior motives by the U.S. and the Philippines undermine stability in South China Sea: SCSPI director (W.E. Talk) Filipino scholar calls for consultation and cooperation on South China Sea issue LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]