'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Culture 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-19 16:53:20 chinadaily.com.cn Editor : Gong Weiwei ECNS App Download Musicians take a bow after a concert at the 'Nihao! China' Tourism Promotion Reception in Boston on Tuesday. Provided to China Daily The China National Tourist Office New York held a "Nihao! China" Tourism Promotion Reception on Tuesday at New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts. The reception was hosted in cooperation with the Silkroad Ensemble, with the aim of highlighting the power of music and cultural exchanges in inspiring travel and fostering mutual understanding between China and the United States. The reception was attended by a distinguished gathering of guests, including Chen Li, Consul General of the People's Republic of China in New York; Boris Dolgonos, board chair of Silkroad; Thomas Blumenthal, board chair of NEC; Ma Yunfei, director of China National Tourist Office New York, and others. Chen pointed out that the Silk Road spirit is a precious heritage of human civilization and expressed his hope for young people from China, the US and other countries around the world to exchange ideas, deepen understanding and make friends just as Silkroad artists listen to each other's melodies and seek resonance amid their differences to create harmonious music together. Ma warmly invited foreign friends to visit China and stressed that hands-on experience is the most authentic way to understand a place, and that the essence of travel lies in personal discovery and real connection. The reception was also part of the celebrations of the opening of Silkroad's Global Musician Workshop 2025. Silkroad is an ensemble founded by cellist Yo-Yo Ma and holds the belief that cultural exchanges can bridge divides and build understanding. Its Global Musician Workshop brings together musicians from around the world for a week of cross-cultural musical collaboration. Since 2024, Silkroad has also hosted a Global Musician Workshop in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, in partnership with the Zhejiang Conservatory of Music. The reception was followed by a concert where Silkroad artists and other Global Musician Workshop faculty showcased the artistry of their virtuosic solos, dynamic collaborations and boundary-pushing music. The concert reached a peak when Wu Man — the world's premier pipa virtuoso and co-director of Global Musician Workshop Hangzhou — together with the rest of the crew, played Tune of Four Seasons, a folk tune from Qinghai province. The event successfully leveraged music — the universal language — to extend a warm invitation from China to global travelers, once again demonstrating how travel and tourism serve as vital bridges for cultural connections. Related news Young people redefining summer tourism 2025-08-14 Border regions turn into tourism hot spots 2025-08-01 Night economy and domestic cultural IPs boost tourism market in NW China's Gansu 2025-08-02 More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Top news Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? More Video Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]