Probe reveals woman flashed husband's credentials to bully motorist 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Society Probe reveals woman flashed husband's credentials to bully motorist Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-04 08:58:09 chinadaily.com.cn Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download Local authorities in Fangchenggang, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, have denied that a woman who used an "administrative law enforcement" certificate to coerce a motorist into yielding on a narrow rural road is a public sector employee. An investigation team established by the Communist Party of China Fangchenggang Committee and the Fangchenggang municipal government said on Sunday that the certificate belonged to the woman's husband, a firefighter at a local station. The incident gained widespread attention online after the man, surnamed Li, posted videos clips showing the woman — driving a Mercedes-Benz SUV — demanding that he yield on July 22 and threatening to show the certificate. During the encounter, she also revealed his surname and home address. Li said he later filed a complaint with local police and a government hotline. On Thursday, two officers visited his parents' home and told them Li should delete the videos and apologize to the woman or face possible detention for allegedly disclosing her personal information. Netizens questioned whether the woman, surnamed Hou, was a public official and whether she had abused power, pointing to her possession of the certificate, access to Li's personal information and the police response. The investigation found that Hou, 28, works for a private auto equipment company in Qinzhou and is not a government employee. Her parents are local villagers. Authorities said she used her husband's law enforcement certificate to intimidate Li. The local fire rescue station has launched an investigation into the husband for failing to secure the certificate properly. Addressing online criticism that Hou was flaunting wealth by driving a Mercedes, officials said the vehicle was a used car purchased for 178,000 yuan ($24,700), with a 78,000-yuan loan. According to the statement, Hou and Li are distantly related and unacquainted. Their parents live about 800 meters apart. Hou's father, who was present during the incident, recognized Li and provided his information to his daughter. Authorities said neither Hou nor her father accessed law enforcement databases, and there was no record of any requests or leaks involving Li's or his parents' personal information since July. Li contacted police two days after the incident and was advised that the matter was a minor dispute that could be resolved through mediation. On Thursday, Hou, her father and her husband reported that her license plate number had been shared on Douyin, the Chinese version of TikTok, leading to 11 traffic violation notices from other provinces after others allegedly forged her plate and used it for illegal parking. That evening, two officers accompanied the family to Li's home. Li was not there, so police obtained his phone number from his mother and informed him that the video had exposed Hou's vehicle information. Police relayed Hou's demand for an apology and deletion of the videos. Repeated mediation efforts have failed to resolve the dispute. The statement said police committed no misconduct in handling the case but acknowledged that the officers used "imprecise and non-standard wording" when speaking to Li. The officers were later criticized internally. While the dispute began as a routine traffic incident, poor handling led to public misunderstanding, the statement said. Local authorities pledged to improve official conduct and mediation protocols. More Photo Chongqing's summer night glows with charm and vitality Nanchang holds flag-raising ceremony to mark Army Day China's Chen Yuxi wins gold in women's 10m at 2025 World Aquatics Championships China successfully launches sixth batch of low Earth orbit satellites Exploring picturesque summer scenery at Tiaozini Wetland in Jiangsu's Dongtai Sanmenxia Reservoir discharges water to clear up sediment in Yellow River Harbin Polarland sees summer tourism boom Enchanting Kunshan invites travelers on a 'county journey' China launches commercial carrier rocket SQX-1 Y10 Firefighters trek uphill to aid stranded residents in Beijing after heavy rains Qin Haiyang wins China's first swimming gold at Singapore Worlds Heritage sign unveiled for Beijing Central Axis on World Heritage Listing Anniversary China launches internet satellite group Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Xi receives credentials of new ambassadors to China Xi meets European Council president, European Commission president in Beijing Exploring Qiantang River Bridge in east China China sees over 300 million railway passenger trips in summer rush Exploring growing yak industry in Ngari Prefecture, Xizang Team China claims gold for artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championships Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Ancient Salt Sheep Road rejuvenates in modern Xizang Typhoon Wipha moves away from Macao SAR TCM practitioners seize dog days of summer to treat winter illness for patients Steed for ages: Hexi horses from Gansu become a cultural superstar Sea of verbena flowers mesmerizes visitors in Harbin Yardlong bean harvest boosted by drone transport in Guangxi Visitors enjoy local performances and cuisine at grand bazaar in Urumqi Peng Liyuan attends Bond with Kuliang: 2025 China-U.S. youth friendship event 35th Hong Kong Book Fair boasts brisk business Over 1,000 vehicles made in China to be shipped to Middle East countries Visiting Shanggao Martyrs' Cemetery for Anti-Japanese War heroes in Jiangxi West Lake's lotus flowers in full bloom in Hangzhou 'Community Care Center' brings warmth to villagers along Lhasa River Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang attends advanced manufacturing event at 3rd CISCE Aerial view of village at southern foothills of the Qilian Mountains Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Top news Probe reveals woman flashed husband's credentials to bully motorist Beijing, Kathmandu aim for new heights in relations Northern China braces for more heavy rainfall Robust policy support to propel growth Schoolgirl swimmer shines at worlds More Video (W.E. Talk) U.S. contributes a lot to complications of South China Sea issue: Filipino scholar 'It's like a cosmos!' Foreign experts marvel at Chinese culture during trip LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]