China news, features, photos and videos | Ecns.cn 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lasting bond honors Flying Tigers legacy In a reply letter to Greene and Flying Tigers veterans Harry Moyer and Mel McMullen in 2023, President Xi Jinping said it was his hope that the spirit of the Flying Tigers would be passed down to the next generation between the two countries' people. Headlines Taiwan's complete reunification unstoppable: FM Channels to solicit opinions expanded Monetary easing to persist in near term Local governments roll out childcare subsidies Beijing games showcase robotics innovation 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Chinese spacesuit reaches 20 spacewalks LINE Politics Economy Society Odd Military Sci-tech Culture Sports Panda China calls for fair, lasting Ukraine peace deal acceptable to all parties Aug 19,2025 China expects all parties concerned and stakeholders in the Ukraine crisis to participate in peace talks and work towards securing a fair and lasting peace agreement acceptable to all sides as soon as possible, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said on Monday. China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Aug 19,2025 Beijing said on Monday that the so-called Treaty of San Francisco is illegal and invalid, and cannot alter the fact that Taiwan is part of China. China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Aug 19,2025 He urged the international community to resist distortions of history that minimize China's contribution or recast Japan as a victim.She reaffirmed the China's sovereignty over Taiwan and expressed gratitude for Kenya's steadfast support of the one-China principle. Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' Aug 19,2025 Mao added that the treaty violated the 1942 Declaration by United Nations, signed by 26 nations including China, the U.S., and the UK, as well as the UN Charter and fundamental principles of international law. "People-centered" philosophy is the value orientation of Chinese modernization Aug 19,2025 The "people-centered" approach arises from the practical needs of the Party and state building in the new era, representing the dialectical unity of practical logic, historical logic, and theoretical logic. Chinese premier urges efforts to meet annual development goals Aug 19,2025 Chinese Premier Li Qiang chairs the ninth plenary meeting of the State Council in Beijing, China, August 18, 2025.He urged efforts to keep unlocking consumption potential, systematically remove restrictive measures in the consumption sector, and accelerate the development of new growth drivers such as services consumption and innovative forms of consumption. More China's consumption market experiences five-year boom Aug 19,2025 During the 14th Five-Year Plan period (2021-25), China's consumer market remained firmly in second place globally. Total retail sales of consumer goods rose from 39.1 trillion yuan ($5.44 trillion) in 2020 to 48.3 trillion yuan in 2024, with an average annual growth rate of 5.5 percent. Intercity railway distributed photovoltaic project synchronized to grid in Anhui Aug 19,2025 The distributed photovoltaic power-generation project along the Chuzhou-Nanjing intercity railway has been successfully synchronized to the grid in Chahe town, Lai'an county, Chuzhou city, Anhui province, representing a major breakthrough in the application of distributed PV within the province's rail sector. Monetary easing to persist in near term Aug 19,2025 China's monetary conditions are likely to remain reasonably accommodative in the coming months, continuing to support credit expansion while contributing to steadier capital market expectations, analysts said on Monday. U.S. tariff expansion on steel, aluminum raises global trade risks, expert warns Aug 18,2025 Companies that rely on imported steel and aluminum components may face increased costs, potentially leading to higher prices for consumers. The automotive sector has already been experiencing notable cost increases since June. Guangzhou signals strong business confidence with over 4m market entities Aug 18,2025 Market entities involving intelligent equipment and the robot industry hit 392,700, a year-on-year increase of 15.3 percent, while the figure in the software and internet industries came to 343,600, up 16.38 percent year-on-year. Tech innovation propels nation's industrial future Aug 18,2025 China's sharpened focus on rejuvenating traditional industries with new quality productive forces is injecting fresh vitality into the nation's industrial economy, which is serving as the foundation of modern industrial prowess and economic growth, experts and business executives said. More China activates flood response in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei Aug 19,2025 China's State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters on Tuesday upgraded the flood control emergency response in Beijing to Level-III and activated a Level-IV response for flood control in neighboring Tianjin and Hebei Province, as heavy rain is expected. Big names roll out benefits measures for delivery employees Aug 19,2025 Chinese technology heavyweight Alibaba Group and financial tech company Ant Group announced on Monday the launch of a plan aimed at providing better benefits guarantees and stimulus measures for delivery riders, as part of a broad push to safeguard the rights and interests of riders. Local governments roll out childcare subsidies Aug 19,2025 Local governments are rolling out subsidies to ease the financial burden of raising young children, following a national initiative to support early childcare. Chikungunya daily cases in Foshan fall to 100 Aug 19,2025 The daily count of chikungunya fever in Foshan, Guangdong province, where an outbreak started in early June, has fallen to about 100, compared to a peak of 600, disease control authorities said on Monday. Hopes for survivors wane after flash floods kill more than 300 in Pakistan Aug 19,2025 Pakistani rescuers dug homes out from under massive boulders on Sunday as they searched for survivors of flash floods that killed at least 344 people, with more than 150 still missing. Three dead, three missing after heavy rain in Ordos, Inner Mongolia Aug 19,2025 Three people were killed and three others remain missing after heavy rainfall hit several banners and districts in Ordos, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, local authorities confirmed on Tuesday, Xinhua News Agency reported. More Elderly crowding a KFC in E China's Shandong to escape heat sparks online discussion Jul 21,2025 A video clip showing several elderly people occupying seats at a KFC restaurant in Liaocheng, East China's Shandong Province, has sparked heated online discussions. Some netizens noted that while the elderly seeking relief from the heat is understandable during hot weather, the restaurant is a place of business and is not obligated to provide such services. A taste of history Jun 25,2025 In the home of 36-year-old Zou Minglei in Wuhan, Hubei province, you'll find some of China's most cherished museum artifacts — not originals, but remarkably lifelike reproductions made of cake and chocolate. 5,000-year-old tree a 'living relic' Jun 18,2025 An ancient tree in Shaanxi province is no longer a lonely watcher; it now participates in modern people's lives. Endangered orchid species rediscovered in China's Guangxi Nov 19,2024 A rare and endangered orchid species -- Hairy Lady’s Slipper was found again at Huaping National Nature Reserve in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, according to local Forestry Bureau. Ningxia launches new pet flight service Oct 18,2024 A chartered flight for pets landed in Zhongwei, Ningxia Hui autonomous region, on Oct. 16, inaugurating a new service model for the local airport. Generation Z in China turns to stones as trendy new pets Sep 14,2024 The latest pet craze sweeping the younger generation in China is different from what people expected, as stones become the beloved companions of the Generation Z. More China to hold press conference on military parade preparations Aug 18,2025 Two senior military officials, Wu Zeke and Xu Guizhong, will present details on the parade arrangements and address questions from the press. 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Aug 15,2025 Despite his hearing loss and unsteady legs, Wang Yonglao, the 98-year-old veteran, still spoke vividly when recalling the wartime stories decades ago. China's defense minister reiterates PLA's readiness for national reunification Aug 01,2025 The Ministry of National Defense hosts a reception at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, July 31, 2025.On September 3, China will hold a military paradein Beijing's Tiananmen Square to celebrate the anniversary of victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression and the World Anti-Fascist War. Israel evacuates diplomatic staff in UAE over alleged attack risk Aug 01,2025 Israel has evacuated most of its diplomatic mission staff from the United Arab Emirates after its National Security Council (NSC) cited an alleged increased threat of attack from terrorist organizations. Xi signs order to unveil flag patterns of four PLA branches Aug 01,2025 Xi Jinping, chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), has signed an order to unveil the flag patterns of four branches of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA), namely the aerospace force, cyberspace force, information support force and joint logistics support force. Flag patterns for four branches of PLA unveiled Aug 01,2025 This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45) and the World Anti-Fascist War. The year also marks the final phase of the journey toward achieving the centenary goals of the People's Liberation Army in 2027, making it necessary to stay on track, harness the core strengths of a "people's war" and mobilize the people for just causes. More Beijing games showcase robotics innovation Aug 19,2025 The inaugural World Humanoid Robot Games in Beijing have showcased how sport is accelerating robotics innovation and capturing public imagination. Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Aug 19,2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery Aug 19,2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 "Kunlong" amphibious aircraft has successfully completed its production test flight in Zhuhai City, south China's Guangdong Province, Aviation Industry Corporation of China said on Sunday, marking a step toward customer delivery and operational deployment. Tsinghua University partners with major African developer for communication research hub Aug 19,2025 Its inauguration ceremony coincided with a symposium attended by Zhao Yuezhi, director of the Research and Teaching Base for Global South Communication at Tsinghua University. Chinese spacesuit reaches 20 spacewalks, extending in-orbit lifespan Aug 19,2025 China's space station spacesuit B has been worn by 11 astronauts across eight manned space missions, according to Zhang Wanxin from the China Astronaut Research and Training Center. More 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Aug 19,2025 The China National Tourist Office New York held a "Nihao! China" Tourism Promotion Reception on Tuesday at New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts. The reception was hosted in cooperation with the Silkroad Ensemble, with the aim of highlighting the power of music and cultural exchanges in inspiring travel and fostering mutual understanding between China and the United States. The water blossoms of Lugu Lake Aug 14,2025 Every summer, tiny white flowers quietly bloom across the surface of Lugu Lake. Their botanical name is ottelia acuminata, a plant extremely sensitive to its environment – only the clearest, purest waters can nurture its delicate existence. 'Dongji Rescue': Finding humanity on a sinking ship Aug 13,2025 In 1942, off the coast of China's Dongji Island, a real-life shipwreck turned into a brutal experiment in human nature, laying bare the extremes of cruelty and compassion. The incident exposed the war crimes of the Japanese military and the unflinching kindness of Chinese fishermen – two choices so starkly opposed that you can still feel the shock eight decades later. Shanghai preserves agri-heritage through global youth program Aug 13,2025 Young representatives from 13 countries gathered in Shanghai to launch a program focused on developing sustainable approaches to preserving agricultural heritage systems. UAE harnesses AI to boost Arabic language global reach Aug 13,2025 The UAE has set a model in leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to integrate the Arabic language and its cultural heritage into the digital sphere, boosting its regional and global presence as a language capable of meeting future demands. New market entity data show vitality Aug 13,2025 China registered 13.28 million new market entities in the first half, with private and foreign-invested firms maintaining steady momentum and cultural industries posting the fastest growth, the State Administration for Market Regulation said on Tuesday. More Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? Chengdu World Games concludes amid wide acclaim Aug 18,2025 A representative of Karlsruhe, Germany waves the International World Games Association flag at the closing ceremony of the 12th World Games in Chengdu, Sichuan province, marking the handover for hosting the 13th edition of the games in 2029. Wushu, dragon boat racing to remain competitive sports at World Games Aug 18,2025 International World Games Association (IWGA) President Jose Perurena confirmed plans to retain wushu and dragon boat racing as official competitive sports in the future World Games. The World Games 2025 closes in Chengdu Aug 18,2025 Fireworks are seen during the closing ceremony of The World Games 2025 in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, August 17, 2025.The Games, featuring 34 sports, 60 disciplines and 256 events, ran from August 7 to 17 under the slogan "Boundless Sports, Countless Wonders." China sent a 489-member delegation, its largest in the event's history. Human-machine symbiosis on full display at Beijing games Aug 15,2025 Stefan Hensel, supervisor of Germany's Sweaty team, praised the Beijing event as "a nice and open community and an Olympic Games for the industry".Some viewers online said the humanoid soccer matches lacked excitement, as the robots moved stiffly and made clumsy decisions on the pitch. Chinese climber dies in rockfall after summiting K2 Aug 15,2025 Chinese mountaineer Guan Jing was killed Tuesday night by falling rocks after successfully reaching the summit of K2, the world's second-highest peak at 8,611 meters, located in the Karakoram Range on the Pakistan-China border. More Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China Aug 19,2025 Giant pandas enjoy summer treats in Chengdu Jul 11,2025 Giant pandas were seen adorably lounging in their enclosures Thursday, enjoying delicious treats. Chinese panda twins celebrate 2nd birthday in S. Korea Jul 07,2025 Female giant panda twins Rui Bao and Hui Bao born in South Korea celebrated their second birthday on Monday. Their home Everland theme park threw a special birthday party for them. First giant panda cub of 2025 born at panda base in SW China's Sichuan Jun 26,2025 The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda (CCRCGP) on Wednesday said the Shenshuping Base in southwest China's Sichuan Province had welcomed this year's first giant panda cub in captivity. Giant pandas enjoy cool summer of plateau in northwest China Jun 11,2025 As China’s largest standalone panda enclosure, the Xining Panda House is home to four giant pandas: one male and three females. Giant pandas enjoy special treat for Dragon Boat Festival May 30,2025 Giant panda "Mei Zhu" enjoys a special meal for the Dragon Boat Festival at the Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, May 29, 2025. More More Video World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' (W.E. Talk) Chinese bamboo industry enters EU market? China-EU green innovation deserves credit (W.E. Talk) European scholar: China-Europe Railway Express becomes the blood vessel for Europe's economic development 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Qingcheng Tai Chi attracts Chengdu World Games athletes China, Europe should seek common interests and new opportunities for cooperation amid global transformation: scholar Follow the World Games to Explore Sichuan | Discovering ancient Shu civilization through sport climbing More Ecns wire Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China Tianjin's green shift and maritime power Shanghai Composite hits 10-year high as A-share market tops 100 trillion yuan Chinese doctors save patient with rare cervical spine injury China to hold press conference on military parade preparations CIIE Stories | Hubei sees global opportunities via CIIE More Feature Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes Temporary shelters house deluge victims Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Infographics Giant Titan Arums fruit at National Botanical Garden Shanghai issues 'nucleic acid sampling certificates' to ensure mass testing More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]