New market entity data show vitality 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Economy New market entity data show vitality Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-13 08:37:24 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download Cultural sector stands out as a bright spot in consumption growth China registered 13.28 million new market entities in the first half, with private and foreign-invested firms maintaining steady momentum and cultural industries posting the fastest growth, the State Administration for Market Regulation said on Tuesday. Private enterprises took the spotlight, with 4.35 million new registrations, up 4.6 percent year-on-year. Foreign-invested firms also rose 4.1 percent year-on-year to 33,000. Such momentum underscored improving market sentiment and investor confidence, reinforcing China's status as a key global investment destination, industry experts said. Since the beginning of this year, China has unveiled a robust package of policies to stabilize foreign capital inflows and boost long-term investment amid rising global economic uncertainty. The country's tax authority, for example, launched a new tax credit policy aimed at encouraging foreign investors to reinvest their profits in the country. The policy allows eligible investors to offset Chinese tax liabilities if they commit to keeping the investment in China for at least five years. Li Xuhong, a professor at the Beijing National Accounting Institute, said: "Such efforts reduce the tax burden on foreign enterprises and support the stable development of China's economy. At the same time, it sends a strong signal that China welcomes long-term investment." Data from the SAMR also showed that by sector, 601,000 new market entities were created in primary industries such as agriculture, 965,000 in manufacturing and other secondary industries, and 11.71 million in the services sector. New economy firms, which mainly refer to those companies engaged in new technologies, industries, business formats and models, reached 25.36 million nationwide by the end of June, up 6.6 percent year-on-year and accounting for 40.2 percent of all registered enterprises. Notably, the cultural sector stood out as a bright spot in consumption growth, buoyed by the global popularity of domestic intellectual property such as Pop Mart collectibles. New registrations in culture, sports and entertainment surged 17.5 percent year-on-year, the fastest among all major industries. In the realm of pop culture, Chinese brand Pop Mart has become a global sensation, with fans lining up outside stores eager to get their hands on the latest trendy Labubu figurines. Hu Zuohao, a professor at the School of Economics and Management at Tsinghua University, said that the popularity of domestic brands like Pop Mart exemplifies how cultural and design premiums are reshaping the value structure of Chinese manufacturing. "Brands like Pop Mart demonstrate that meeting consumer demand for special innovative products is the best way to boost business. This is China's new consumption era, when people are boosting consumption but also promoting smarter, deeper and more meaningful consumption," Hu said. Related news AI enables sustainable energy transition 2025-07-15 Beijing draws clear legal line as U.S. seeks to globally restrict use of Chinese chips 2025-05-22 More Photo Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Annual U.S. 'National Night Out' held in California Traditional Chinese culture attracts students of SCO member countries to Tianjin Athletes experience local life ahead of World Games in SW China's Chengdu Giant pandas celebrate their birthday in SW China's Chongqing Savoring a Citywalk along Beijing Central Axis as autumn nears Exploring stunning sea of clouds in southwest China Shipwreck site of Lisbon Maru in E China's Zhoushan attracts tourists Discovering unique beauty of Tomur scenic area in NW China's Xinjiang Chinese animation themed exhibition draws visitors to Hangzhou 2 killed, 6 injured in U.S. Los Angeles mass shooting Performance stimulates catering industry consumption in Lhasa Giant panda Bao Li celebrates its 4th birthday in Washington China's Long March-12 rocket launches new internet satellites Unlocking Xinjiang Charms | Xinjiang's 'Grandpa Melon' Wins Hearts—and Plane Seats Another match for 'Su Chao' held in Changzhou Visual Insight: Safeguarding the South China Sea Waves of red sorghum signal harvest joy in southwest China Chinese team wins bronze in women's 4x100m medley relay at World Aquatics Championships Car-Free Day observed in Jakarta to promote green travel World Games Athletes' Village opens in SW China's Chengdu People visit Hukou Waterfall on Yellow River in N China's Shanxi Most popular in 24h China reaffirms sovereignty over Taiwan, says complete reunification unstoppable Chinese MOFA refutes Taiwan authorities' claims over 'San Francisco treaty' China launches low Earth orbit satellite group China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery China and Kenya mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism More Top news Summer camp under investigation after 8-year-old boy missing in Yunnan for over 72 hours World's first month-old cloned yak named 'Namtso No. 1' in Xizang Italian orienteering athlete, 29, dies at Chengdu World Games Intelligent robots emerging as 'health guardians' for humans Washington's policy shifts fuel instability across Middle East More Video Follow the World Games to Explore Sichuan | Cheerleading meets Sichuan's flavorful hustle and bustle Follow the World Games to Explore Sichuan | Billiards roll through the light and shadow of a fairyland LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]