Xizang writes new chapter in development 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Society Xizang writes new chapter in development Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 08:43:10 China Daily Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download The founding of the Xizang autonomous region in September 1965 marked the beginning of a new chapter in the region's history, as people of all ethnic groups in Xizang embarked on the path of socialist construction and development together with the rest of the country. In the six decades since then, Xizang has made remarkable economic and social achievements, creating a new era in its development journey. In the new era, the region's economic aggregate has grown rapidly. By 2024, its GDP reached 276.49 billion yuan ($38.49 billion), while its innovation capacity continued to rise, with increasing investment in science and technology and vigorous expansion of the high-tech digital industry. By 2024, the value added from Xizang's digital economy reached 27.5 billion yuan, accounting for more than 10 percent of its GDP. And coordinated regional development advanced steadily, with the narrowing of the urban-rural income gap to 2.57:1 in 2024. Green development, too, has gained pace, while the proportion of days with excellent air quality has remained above 99 percent, major rivers and lakes meet or exceed class III water quality standards, and the soil condition continues to be stable and safe. In 2024, total retail sales of consumer goods in the region and its total import-export increased by 7.2 percent and 15.4 percent, respectively. Shared development has also made headway, with notable improvement in people's livelihoods and social undertakings. While a multi-tier social security system has taken shape, per capita disposable income and per capita consumption expenditure in 2024 grew by 8.2 percent and 10.2 percent year-on-year, respectively. Xizang has completed a large number of major projects vital to the economy and people's well-being, clearing infrastructure bottlenecks. The total length of roads open to traffic stands at 123,300 kilometers, and the number of civil aviation routes exceeds 190, with new hydropower projects beginning to generate electricity. The large-scale projects have not only narrowed the long-standing infrastructure gaps, but also laid a solid foundation for high-quality development. In 2024, Xizang's fixed-asset investment grew by 19.6 percent, playing a key role in driving economic growth and structural adjustment. Xizang has also developed its distinctive industries. It has fostered nine major industries that align with local conditions, creating new engines for high-quality development. Traditional industries have undergone rapid upgrading, while distinct sectors have grown stronger, emerging industries have expanded, and future industries are being planned, resulting in a modern industrial structure featuring a solid agricultural base, higher manufacturing capacity and a modern service sector. Moreover, the living standards of Xizang residents have improved dramatically, with the region achieving the historic mission of eradicating poverty. As a matter of fact, in 2024, Xizang's per capita GDP reached 75,237 yuan, with per capita disposable income reaching 31,358 yuan. Rising incomes have boosted consumption, helping create a more balanced consumption structure. In actual terms, per capita consumer spending stood at 18,983 yuan in 2024. High-quality development is key to building a modern socialist country. In the new era, Xizang must continue to pursue high-quality development by faithfully applying the new development philosophy and drawing on six decades of experience. The region should focus on optimizing the development pattern, strengthening infrastructure and factor allocation, improving institutions and leveraging resource advantages to achieve both qualitative and quantitative growth. Its goal should be to reach the national average development level. However, given its low starting point and late takeoff, Xizang still faces structural weaknesses. Over the past 60 years, the central government has provided strong policy support for Xizang. As such, the region should continue to make full use of the preferential policies, deepen reform, strengthen factor mobility and narrow the infrastructure gaps. Also, it should foster "new quality productive forces", boost demand, and advance urban-rural integration, all while improving the people's wellbeing. Common prosperity is an essential requirement of socialism with Chinese characteristics. So Xizang must advance it vigorously by leveraging its institutional strengths, and properly balancing efficiency and equity. This means Xizang needs to build systems that promote both material and cultural wealth, advance urban-rural integration to enrich rural areas, and strengthen the sense of community among residents to enhance spiritual prosperity, ensuring that all ethnic groups in the region steadily move toward achieving common prosperity. Related news Xi arrives in Lhasa for celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region 2025-08-20 Xizang strides toward modernization 2025-08-20 More Photo Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang More Video 'King of Asia' tightrope walking attracts 20 top athletes from 10 countries Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]