1112 A NEW AND FUN WAY TO SPEND YOUR MORNINGS, AND MORE EFFECTIVE AT BUSTING THE LEFTIST HR PAJEET HIRING SCAM.. FITS PERFECT WITH YOUR SHIT-POSTING CAREER ALSO.. posted 17 hours ago by blvntbr 91 comments juicystar1908 @juicystar1908 • 3d Are you in the Nashville, TN area? Do you want to do your part to break PERMs? Get your local newspaper's Sunday editions from August 1 onwards. Scan the job pages into a PDF format and send them to @JobsNowPR. If you tag me, I will gladly retweet you. 91 comments War_Hamster 85 points 17 hours ago I'm going to need someone to explain this one to me. permalink Stlpoolguy 152 points 17 hours ago The jeets can't get approval, or gov won't approve a work visa if the job has had American applicants. So businesses try hiding the job posting. Most professional workers use an online search or headhunters, so companies list in the newspaper that no one reads. Then gets a shiny new brown employee for 30% off. permalink Prussian_Pepe 42 points 16 hours ago My question to all of this is though. Why would the companies tell the truth if they did get applicants? Wouldn't they just lie and say they didn't get processed or something and keep doing their H1 scam? permalink CommietownUSA 44 points 16 hours ago Pretty sure the denied applicants info get sent to the gov. They could but if they reject too many applications it’s gonna trigger an audit from the gov I think. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 31 points 16 hours ago You're correct, that's the entire point of that X post here. permalink newuser8 33 points 16 hours ago My company does that. There are thousands (yes thousaands) of applicants for our software roles. Hiring manager can pick a Jeet no problem. There is no-one telling hiring managers that they have to first look at Americans before the Jeets. permalink dr_gonzo 7 points 13 hours ago I'm really hoping to just finish my career out at my current gig. I've been a software dev for 20 years now. For the last 5 years I've been at a small company. It's about 80 people, but there are only 3 developers. (all white guys) We have one woman that functions as both a BA and tester, and then our manager who isn't actually a developer which is interesting. All the developers are remote. Always have been, always will be. It's super low stress. We each basically just work on our own projects and spheres of expertise. Everything runs smoothly and we are paid well. It's practically perfect. This is my 3rd company. The first was a software company that had over 150 developers, 100 testers etc. Then the next place was a non-profit with like 30 developers and 1000 total employees. The small business is definitely the way to go if you can find it. permalink Aoikaze2000 6 points 13 hours ago I'm guessing the hiring manager is one of those too? permalink booblitchutz 5 points 13 hours ago My company filters out the non Jeets by default. permalink Lunar 20 points 15 hours ago AS FOR THE OP-- https://www.jobs.now/ is the place for AMERICANS to apply for jobs... which employers BADLY want No Americans to apply for. Here's a substack decribing how this wrecks havoc on the H1-B deluge: https://alwaysthehorizon.substack.com/p/get-a-job-and-disrupt-the-h1b-for And here's YouTuber "FLESH SIMULATOR" describing HOW YOU CAN HELP in video form: https://youtu.be/zmY6-2idC1o permalink conservatarian 11 points 14 hours ago Updoot for excellent video. permalink Counterwhat 2 points 2 hours ago We need to share this and do everything we can to break perm. permalink AVeryNakedMan 12 points 15 hours ago Wouldn't they just lie and say they didn't get processed or something and keep doing their H1 scam? If they just hide the job postings, then not hiring Americans is legal. If they lie about Americans applying, then the recruiters have broken the law and are probably personally liable for federal crimes. How many employees want to commit federal crimes, for which they could go to prison, just to help the megacorp they work at make more money? permalink r_u_srs_srsly 6 points 12 hours ago The answer is unfortunately “Probably a lot of dumb liberals” Until the government starts sending some people to prison, even if it’s club fed prison, it’s still prison permalink DoesItWorkAlready 9 points 13 hours ago What they actually do is make a set of very over-specific requirements that only someone from a qualification-mill-in-India could meet. Qualifications for stuff that would take one two weeks on the job to learn for any competent American. permalink user2827 4 points 10 hours ago I had come across the same thing when I've been looking for work. The role would have such specific qualifications that the only alternative explanation was that they had a guy that just retired after 30+ years and they want to hire a carbon copy replacement rather than the 2-4 people it would take to reasonably have that set of qualifications. permalink view 2 more comments... bantar 4 points 10 hours ago This! ^^^ Take the jeet's resume and write your job description to match it perfectly. The jeet is likely already contracting at this company and they want to sponsor him for an H1 visa. One of the job applicants is this jeet, permalink NZbacon 1 points 11 hours ago Yes but American applicants still destroy that scam. permalink patrioticwinning3 15 points 16 hours ago Plus an employee that they can fire literally any time for any reason, with zero legal ramifications. This alone would have most employers drooling. permalink LaPastillaEscarlata 7 points 15 hours ago Not to mention the employee can't leave for another job so the employer can treat them horribly, underpay, overwork, no raises, no perks, and the H1B can't do anything about it. It's almost a loophole to slavery. permalink AVeryNakedMan 5 points 15 hours ago an employee that they can fire literally any time for any reason Isn't this already true in most of the USA? permalink CS_McFisticuffs_III 4 points 12 hours ago There are certain things you can't legally fire people for (race, disability, whistleblowing, etc) even in at-will states. permalink sixfingerdildo 15 points 16 hours ago the next evolution: match h1b applications to companies and citizen applications. If you or someone you love has applied to a rule breaking organization supporting mass immigration of job stealing h1b's, call 1-800-FUCKH1B for a free evaluation as to whether the company you applied to has fraudulently applied for H1B magic flying carpet baggers. permalink AmarilloArmadillo 9 points 16 hours ago +69 for "H1B magic flying carpet baggers" permalink r_u_srs_srsly 4 points 12 hours ago Every single H1B is in a database somewhere Every unemployed American should be asked to upload their resume and grok should be able to match Americans to jobs filled by H1Bs and get Americans into those positions. Make these companies defend keeping the H1B vs hiring the American. permalink sixfingerdildo 2 points 11 hours ago Great idea, company search for h1b. Find a company near you, apply and interfere with their operations permalink VonTrappenstein 2 points 15 hours ago "Shiny Brown"? Ew. permalink Dallasguy 1 points 8 hours ago The ads in the newspapers have phone numbers that don't go anywhere. The people who answer don't match the name and claim they don't know how to transfer you to them. The scam is so extensive there's not even a way to root it out now and the current administration doesn't understand that there is fraud. permalink ninabobby 47 points 17 hours ago When tech giants aim to sponsor an H1B visa holder for a green card, they must legally prove that no qualified U.S. workers are available for the role. This involves advertising the position in specific outlets, like Sunday newspapers. If a qualified U.S. citizen applies, the company is obligated to offer the job to them instead of proceeding with the visa sponsorship. This legal obligation creates a hidden job market — opportunities that big tech would rather keep under wraps. Jobs listed on Jobs.Now are generally not found on LinkedIn or company career pages because these companies prefer to streamline their visa applications without the delay of interviewing additional candidates. https://www.jobs.now/ permalink ParticleCannon 29 points 16 hours ago Translation- cheap labor has a different job posting board, but if a certain number of citizens apply they cannot legally offer the job to someone that needs to be sponsored. So if the "hidden" ads are made public, scummy HR is forced to hire an American. permalink Spicy_cat 16 points 16 hours ago Well or more likely they will cancel the job instead of actually hiring an American but either way their scam is stopped permalink War_Hamster 11 points 16 hours ago Thank you for an excellent explanation. permalink EvilGreed209 8 points 16 hours ago Who cares that's obviously not in play and hasnt been in a decade. I go to silicon valley google and facebook leisure parties cause my buddy does a mobile bar setup for them its 75% Indians 10% Chinese 15% ceo cfo coo white / Jewish people. Its obvious what is going on here permalink Websitesdown 17 points 17 hours ago The companies are hiding the job hirings in the newspapers to say that they've fulfilled their duty at advertising the American jobs that they're about to give to h1bs. permalink HailKingJesus 10 points 16 hours ago H4 means a foreigner can move to the U.S. because their spouse is an approved H1B. H4 EAD means the foreigner can also work in the U.S. This Twitter user is asking for people to send job postings from Nashville newspapers to JobsNowPR account so that Americans can get a chance at these jobs too. permalink ubit 9 points 16 hours ago For more context lookup HB1 law. 4Chan found a way to block businesses from hiring foreigns (displacing domestics). So, if one American applies, they can't hire any foreigns. The job must be posted publicly. Apparently they're in their Sunday paper. permalink ninabobby 44 points 17 hours ago Explanation of what this is all about: https://www.jobs.now/ (go to the bottom of the page) Basically they're trying to hire foreigners by posting the job somewhere nobody will see it. But we find it, an American applies, they have to give it to the American. And it's working- https://old.reddit.com/r/h1b/comments/1muxg9b/h1b_to_perm_issue_lmt_failed_too_many_applicants/ permalink KekistanPM 19 points 16 hours ago "Saar what are you doing!? Do not apply for that job, I won't get it!! Do not apply that!!! DO NOT APPLY THAT!!" permalink PensivePatriot 8 points 14 hours ago What does Saar mean? permalink Hugs 14 points 13 hours ago Try saying sir, but now imagine your mouth is full of Ganges shitwater and butter "chicken." It sounds exactly like saar. permalink PensivePatriot 5 points 13 hours ago Thanks bruv permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 5 points 12 hours ago Read up Mark Twain's take on visiting the Ganges. He also wasn't fond of the other sorts of Indians, for similar reasons. permalink TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 14 hours ago "Sir" with an Indian accent. permalink PensivePatriot 5 points 13 hours ago ‘Preciate it permalink manwithalotoffatigue 5 points 14 hours ago Sir permalink PensivePatriot 3 points 13 hours ago Thx permalink kjj9 4 points 11 hours ago In addition to the other comments below, it is from a youtube video where kitboga uses a voice changer to pretend to be an elderly confused person to convince an indian tech support scammer that he has just returned from walmart with a stack of gift cards and he adds them to his own itunes account instead of sending the numbers to the scammer while the scammer cries and begs him to stop. permalink AmarilloArmadillo 12 points 16 hours ago Best reddit post in forever. I'm full of glee permalink Karpus 8 points 15 hours ago That thread is amazing. Please do the needful thing and kindly check the thread out, saars permalink HoganP 4 points 16 hours ago You found the actual thread! Comments are lit. permalink npc_1234 3 points 10 hours ago This thread is approaching 11/9/16 levels of salt. permalink sanitaryshaver 22 points 16 hours ago What you need is a rule that any job that could lead to a H1B needs to be posted on a central web site, something like jobs.gov... permalink EvilGreed209 15 points 16 hours ago What you need is hire American or go build your a.i. buildings in India and hope the local street shitters dont tear them down for scrap metal to build a home. Enough of the invaders america is full. permalink AmarilloArmadillo 8 points 16 hours ago Yeah. If India is full of the best and brightest, go there to do this shit. Maybe cheap real estate too. Make India great for once permalink sanitaryshaver 4 points 16 hours ago Well, perfection would be no H1B at all bit we'll be waiting just two more weeks for that... I'm torn between baby steps and tearing the whole thing down. permalink HoganP 4 points 16 hours ago Saw a discussion about this on X earlier, involving an attorney. Sounded like they can start phasing it out with no new H1Bs issued and tapering renewals so as to not be disruptive. And there's a higher classification of visa that can be kept for the ostensible "brain drain" purpose that H1B is always said to be. However they do it, this shit has to stop. It's being grossly abused by companies who just want cheap labor for positions it was never intended for, and the numbers are well into the millions at this point. permalink KekistanPM 3 points 15 hours ago People actually writing "Jobs American's can't do" in that thread. I hear "won't" all the time but WTF do they mean by "can't?" Are we not good enough? Not in a high enough caste? permalink booblitchutz 2 points 13 hours ago The companies are in league with the government in this venture. permalink MisterGuapo 2 points 16 hours ago That would make too much sense! permalink Stlpoolguy 14 points 17 hours ago This is brilliant permalink invalid_data 2 points 11 hours ago Now do all of Dallas. Its turned into a hot bed for illegal pajeets and pajeets scams. permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 14 points 16 hours ago A company that wants to get an H1 visa for someone, has to go through the labor certification process. They post an ad in an obscure newspaper and collect resumes. Usually a lawyer gets them and tosses everything except US citizens. If any US citizens are qualified, the labor certification fails. This is bad for two reasons: Many people waste time applying for fake job ads. The process is used to replace US workers with foreign workers. The whole labor certification scam needs to be eliminated. There is almost ALWAYS a US Citizen that can do the job, so time to stop the pretense. permalink Spicy_cat 9 points 16 hours ago If there wasn't a US citizen that could do the job at the price the market sets then it would be an O1 or EB1 visa. permalink DoesItWorkAlready 4 points 12 hours ago oh it's worse than that. They'll list a dozen micro-qualifications that few Americans could meet (but could learn on the job in a few weeeks). Meantime jeets are continuously going through "qualfication" schools to "meet" those micro-qualifications permalink TheGamerToTheRight 13 points 15 hours ago Once I finally find a job (software engineer, looking for over a year now), I will be automating applications to every single job posted on jobs.now. Wont ever get hired there, but the goal is to deport every single H1B. We don't need ANY of them. Their presence has stolen millions from every single engineer's lifetime earnings. permalink Dayglowsockpuppet 10 points 16 hours ago At my company, if a job description says “H-1B candidates considered”, they only consider H-1B, and the position is closed to all American applicants. This should be a crime. permalink invalid_data 4 points 11 hours ago The rampant nepotism and raced based preferential hiring the is common in India. For fucks sake, Indians are still big into slavery. permalink crazychicken132 2 points 8 hours ago It is a crime. They must consider domestic before foreign. permalink bonedancr 5 points 12 hours ago None of this will break the wheel. The current system of H1B has become a 'machine'. Middle companies with small pockets are the sponsors/employers. They often charge 20-30% for this service meaning the big pocket companies don't really save money. The real problem here is not the cheaper labor and big companies abusing it its the brain/experience drain that will and has already happened. Every decade of these jobs going to outsiders is a generation of people not prepared/experience to do the job from the native population. permalink floorit 4 points 13 hours ago Fuck these companies and fuck these dotheads permalink DylanPatrick 4 points 16 hours ago Applied for a bunch of jobs today! permalink yukondave 4 points 16 hours ago Send it to everyone looking for a job OR might want to upgrade jobs. Always look for your next job permalink covok48 4 points 16 hours ago I just had a stroke reading this. permalink KamalasPenisBreath 3 points 16 hours ago I’m in permalink SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago Terrible idea to have people sending you random PDFs. This dude is going to get his computer wrecked. permalink MagaPhone017 1 points 3 hours ago https://www.jobs.now/ ...doing the Lord's work! And keeping the H1 Bs away. permalink Piglips 1 points 7 hours ago Jibberish permalink TheImpossible1 -2 points 15 hours ago femroach poster Not disproving my theory... That Jobs.now thing is the most obvious honeypot. permalink BruddahIz 4 points 14 hours ago I am trying to get my head around how its "bad" because they can use it to build a list - but it illudes me as to how its bad? permalink TheImpossible1 -3 points 14 hours ago Trusting women is always a bad idea. permalink BruddahIz -1 points 14 hours ago I have finally taught my adult kids that if they want me to know something or do something they cannot relay it through thier mother. - it Always ends up being something completely unrealted to whatever my wife says. permalink CasuallyObservant 0 points 11 hours ago Well, you chose badly. That's on you. permalink CasuallyObservant 2 points 11 hours ago Geez man. Is there any comment you make that doesn't burn women? Every time I come across a neg on women, it is you. Get some therapy man. Your toxicity is causing my eyes to sting. permalink TrumpSycophant 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 1112 A NEW AND FUN WAY TO SPEND YOUR MORNINGS, AND MORE EFFECTIVE AT BUSTING THE LEFTIST HR PAJEET HIRING SCAM.. FITS PERFECT WITH YOUR SHIT-POSTING CAREER ALSO.. posted 17 hours ago by blvntbr 91 comments juicystar1908 @juicystar1908 • 3d Are you in the Nashville, TN area? Do you want to do your part to break PERMs? Get your local newspaper's Sunday editions from August 1 onwards. Scan the job pages into a PDF format and send them to @JobsNowPR. If you tag me, I will gladly retweet you.