1780 Woah posted 18 hours ago by HoganP 302 comments 302 comments mty_green_go 164 points 18 hours ago Cannot call students by any names but the names on their birth certificate? Lol totally not true. permalink keeponwinning 99 points 18 hours ago You just wait until they are out of earshot to call them shitheads. permalink SPEDMan64 45 points 18 hours ago My co-teacher and I would call our class turds when they got a bit restless during class. We had a basketball coach who would mock the boys and call them gay. He's doing it at another school as the head basketball coach now. permalink HurtzLocker 41 points 17 hours ago In this house we say "gay" and "retarded." permalink FrmrAmericanRepublic 13 points 14 hours ago "Faggot" is more proper. The degens stole 'gay' to try to seem more normal. They're all just degen predators. permalink view 4 more comments... NimblePepeCentipede 10 points 16 hours ago that's totally gay..... ....this sh!ts retarded. permalink view 1 more comments... TenaciousDT 3 points 12 hours ago Faggot is essential permalink CommieCucker 1 points 12 hours ago please tell me that yard sign actually exists permalink BahamaDon 12 points 17 hours ago You cannot call the kids “Faggots”! New response as a question instead of a statement, “Are you a faggot?” permalink SPEDMan64 7 points 17 hours ago Calling them "gay" is fine as long as we don't actually say "faggot". permalink Klaus73 4 points 15 hours ago What bout 'lil shits' permalink view 2 more comments... 2020Gop 2 points 14 hours ago Then don't be gay. Words don't hurt permalink Here_we_go 24 points 18 hours ago Im gen x and my son is 7. My bs detector went off at ten commandments. Any sauce on this? permalink Honkey_McCracker 20 points 17 hours ago It's required in Texas now. I teach in Texas. permalink Johnkimble111 3 points 12 hours ago Sounds like a good way to annoy the exploding people at least permalink SaltyTitties4 3 points 16 hours ago It’s required that you post the Ten. Commandments in your room? What subject and grade do you teach? What county? I taught in Texas twenty years ago, in McKinney. permalink view 3 more comments... Made_in_America 9 points 17 hours ago It depends on the state. When I was a military brat in the 80s my family lived in Mississippi for a bit and they were distributing copies of the New Testament in public schools. They were also allowed to wack you with a paddle if you acted out, both of which they only did in Catholic schools up north at the time. permalink Sexual_Assault_Rifle 4 points 16 hours ago I went to several of those Northern wacking schools. My brother even had a few fingers broken by a paddle for fucking around OUTSIDE of school... Im not religious at all, I went to those crazy schools, and still support the 10 commandments in school... permalink view 1 more comments... ATX_for_Trump 1 points 11 hours ago It's true, and I totally disagree with it as it will just lead to other religions, atheists, and satanists demanding equal placement. permalink SaltyTitties4 1 points 16 hours ago Exactly. I agree with your BS detection with the ten commandments ridiculousness. Also, look at the user who posted it... And ofc there is no sauce. permalink Hikedelics 8 points 15 hours ago It’s state law in Texas and Louisiana now. Might be a few others as well. permalink panic86 7 points 16 hours ago It’s the law in Texas Louisiana and Arkansas. permalink Mestroisfils 2 points 13 hours ago Perhaps you have not been following the news- but it is true. Passed for implementation this year. I see you also did not bother to look it up. permalink trumptasticly 1 points 11 hours ago Would have taken less time to research it then it did to post this miserable comment. permalink Doritalos 67 points 18 hours ago r/teachers is a goldmine for the perverse and retarded. Here's another on their frontpage: My tiny pride flag, the only LGBTQ+ item in my room didn’t even make it to the first day of school before someone complained. The principal told me to take it down, despite being the GSA advisor and having a flag like this on my desk for the last ten years. At the end of last year, all of the Safe Space stickers I worked so hard to get teachers around the school to adopt came down and now this. It’s enough to make me want to quit before the year even has started. 😞 permalink electricboogaloo 40 points 18 hours ago It’s working! permalink Here_we_go 25 points 18 hours ago GSA- gender surgery advocate? permalink Kraken_V_Algorithm 13 points 17 hours ago Gay-Straight Alliance permalink patrioticwinning3 4 points 16 hours ago Just like Tampon Tim :p permalink gunzby 4 points 16 hours ago Gay Shithead Association permalink gb1787 3 points 14 hours ago Gay Shit Always permalink Fastabenj 1 points 12 hours ago Gotta Sore Asshole? permalink Marianasoctober 15 points 17 hours ago It’s enough to make me want to quit before the year even has started. Good! Bye! permalink SPEDMan64 7 points 17 hours ago When I was still in a brick'n'mortar school I would secretly pick up and toss any pride flags in the trash that I found around campus. permalink Scipio_Americanus 4 points 17 hours ago I hope all Leftist/mentally-ill (yeah, I repeated myself) teachers quit! permalink you_know_GOAT 11 points 18 hours ago My name is Richard, but you can call me Dick. I never understood that. permalink Aoikaze2000 14 points 18 hours ago I had a college professor once named Richard Weiner... he was a real dick so the name fit perfectly. permalink Dizzy77 2 points 11 hours ago You would be too if you had to deal with that level of teasing your entire life. permalink mty_green_go 1 points 15 hours ago same with the last "Richard" i had to deal with. permalink Sparks1017 1 points 11 hours ago So Dick Weiner permalink Fundadores 11 points 18 hours ago Ricky is short for Richard. And Richard is looooong for Dick. Haha, no it’s a rhyming thing. Richard, Rick, Dick. Some weird old UK thing. Now explain “Jack” for “John”. I don’t get that one. permalink Hawgskinz 8 points 17 hours ago Nicknames are crazy. Michelle = Big Dick permalink Scipio_Americanus 3 points 17 hours ago 🤣 permalink Justlooking250 2 points 13 hours ago Don't get 0bama excited permalink Grizaje 6 points 18 hours ago I still don't understand how William is Bill... permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 5 points 18 hours ago ︎ A Greek "B" is pronounced like a "V". A double "V" looks like a "W". ︎ permalink Fundadores 2 points 17 hours ago Rhyming. William, Will, Bill. permalink mty_green_go 1 points 17 hours ago well i've met a Richard before, and he was definitely a "Dick". So maybe there's something to all of that... permalink snoopy3210 2 points 15 hours ago Probably referring to pronouns by sex at birth… like it was in… 2005! permalink mathteach314159 2 points 17 hours ago I know this isn’t the point of the rule but as a person with a name that is often the shortened version of a longer name (like Jon instead of Johnathan), I would get called by the longer version of the name on the first day of school every year without fail. I always wondered how or why. I know that the damn paper the teacher is reading off of said my name, the shorter version of the longer name. Its even what is on my birth certificate! I would enjoy this rule, I could actually raise a real stink instead of just having to correct the teacher 20 times in the first week. permalink MyDadLikedBiden 2 points 15 hours ago What if the kid you knew as Greg turns out to be Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz ? permalink mathteach314159 2 points 14 hours ago 😂 permalink try4gain 107 points 18 hours ago >i cant be a gay communist anymore >it's joever permalink Here_we_go 31 points 18 hours ago Its joever for jebever. Please clap. permalink Justlooking250 4 points 13 hours ago 🖐 J E B ! 🖐 permalink MaoHadOnly1Testicle 1 points 3 hours ago Its joever for jebever. That line is amazing. I would totally clap for that, but right now it's just not a good time for me. But I'm sure someone else will clap. permalink rezimx 9 points 17 hours ago No no, you can totally be a gay communist, you just cant spread it to my kids. This angers the gay communist. permalink Patrick_Bateman 8 points 18 hours ago Yeah so like when he says "it's over", what is " it" actually? Because if there's an "it", it would seem to imply that the conspiracy that they've been calling everyone "conspiracy theorists" about for the last 20+ years actually exists. permalink try4gain 3 points 14 hours ago in their mind 'it' probably means 'muh freedoms'. but your analysis is good. permalink djentropyhardcore 79 points 18 hours ago "it's over" What, exactly, is "over"? Your activism when you're supposed to be teaching? Too bad, so sad. Anyway.. permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 18 points 18 hours ago “It’s over!” thunderous applause permalink electricboogaloo 8 points 18 hours ago Seriously. These people are hired to use OUR MONEY to teach OUR KIDS to perform real world tasks like reading and writing. This clown show activist bullshit better be over and the clowns with their clown flags tossed the fuck out. permalink Here_we_go 8 points 18 hours ago 42% +1 incoming! permalink Ricky_CIA 3 points 17 hours ago Do a backflip! permalink airborne3502 8 points 18 hours ago Well said. permalink invalid_data 2 points 15 hours ago Its mainly them freaking out because they have to get reminded they are immoral, communist, faggots. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 67 points 18 hours ago Translation: WHY CANT I GROOOOOOOMMMMM THEM REEEE. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 16 points 18 hours ago You misspelled "molest" permalink WhoMeTwo 12 points 18 hours ago You misspelled "Rape" permalink permissible_missile 5 points 17 hours ago You misspelled "Vampirize" permalink Beat_to_Quarters 2 points 16 hours ago How do I groom deez keeeedz? permalink HoganP OP 40 points 18 hours ago https://x.com/ksorbs/status/1958178438495228372 Little too on the nose, so not entirely sure it's real, but if that's what's rolling down from DC, keep it up! permalink booblitchutz 24 points 18 hours ago It's real, Texas passed this last year. permalink Here_we_go 7 points 18 hours ago Ten commandments? permalink humble_kekistani 3 points 18 hours ago Texas forces the 10 commandments? permalink booblitchutz 6 points 17 hours ago Yes, as of TODAY there's a commie faggot judge that is blocking enforcement of the law. permalink humble_kekistani 9 points 17 hours ago Frankly this sounds like a bait lawsuit to establish precedent more than an earnest disagreement over the first amendment You can’t “force” ideology at the state level, well shucks there goes trans nonsense permalink 2008RonPaul2012 10 points 17 hours ago That's the thing, it's not rolling down from DC. DC is returning control to the states, and certain states will be requiring this sort of thing in their schools. Faggot communist activists who dress up as teachers are free to move to Oregon and continue their child abuse there. permalink RolandDelacroix 34 points 18 hours ago Meanwhile Illinois teachers are getting the emails that DEI team has a new name now, but still business as usual. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 35 points 18 hours ago Report it with evidence at the DOJ website, justice.gov. Just put it to the attention of Harmeet Dhillon at the Civil Rights Division for race-based official discrimination. permalink highlandparker 8 points 18 hours ago Quiet civil war "red v blue" permalink Lol_Garrus 25 points 18 hours ago I don't want to share a country with those who are against these. permalink IwilldestroyISIS 12 points 18 hours ago They are not Americans in spirit, which matters more than papers that say citizen. They don’t want to share our country either. They want to conquer it for globohomo communism. permalink Elencher 2 points 8 hours ago We will only survive with a total realignment of who constitutes citizens or at the very least the electorate. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 24 points 18 hours ago What is a TEKS? OK, looked it up: Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills. Go Texas! The alphabets messed with Texas and got the horns. Makes horn fingers . permalink auntjemima 6 points 18 hours ago Texas Essential Knowledge & Skills requirements permalink SPEDMan64 3 points 18 hours ago Where I am it is the GSE: Georgia Standards of Excellence permalink booblitchutz 2 points 18 hours ago Texas, hoss. permalink MAGAguitar 23 points 18 hours ago So, in other words - DECENCY permalink LaptopDied 8 points 18 hours ago Yes. permalink Here_we_go 3 points 18 hours ago And normalcy. Fucking white people!!!!!! Hate them!!!!! permalink Hunter77 21 points 18 hours ago I've seen teachers on Threads talking about how they'll work around all these rules - hanging the commandments behind plants, etc . Compliance enforcement is where things will get interesting. permalink TheThreeSeashells 17 points 18 hours ago This is where parents need to step up to instruct their kids to enforce compliance. Not necessarily doing it themselves, but teaching their kids to report this stuff back to the parents. "Hey mom and dad! I was looking for the ten commandments today like you told me to do every day and the teacher hid it behind a coat rack again." Parents can't rely on government to pass laws doing their job for them. Parents need to get back to being parents. permalink Rudy_DankMemer 14 points 18 hours ago they'll work around all these rules - hanging the commandments behind plants wanna guess the race and gender of those retarded commies? permalink sobriquet 11 points 17 hours ago Statically speaking, probably a college educated White woman. permalink Krat 7 points 17 hours ago the kind with blue hair permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 4 hours ago White overweight leftists. permalink SurveilThis 1 points 5 hours ago Weight #220. permalink MrMxyzptlk 17 points 18 hours ago I voted for this. permalink cyberwar 15 points 18 hours ago shameful that perverted commies can't groom children anymore permalink PhantomShield72 14 points 18 hours ago Imagine being such a commie faggot that those issues would offend you. permalink RobinNet 4 points 18 hours ago My imagination ends where reality begins. permalink PickleSticks 14 points 18 hours ago As a TX parent with a kid in HS, can confirm AP history syllabus specifically is focusing on WW1-WW2, Communist countries and East Asian communism. So happy to see it! permalink Elencher 2 points 8 hours ago Will they be teaching who was running the Weimar Republic? permalink Bandanna1 1 points 8 hours ago I fear though the ten commandments is going to open the door for the Koran to infiltrate later as well. Some other democrats term they will push hard for alternative religious tenant in schools. And if there are 10 commandments you get the prayers shit. I hate to say it but over the years ive turned into a no religion in school person. Needs to be left to the families or everyone will overburden their religion as well and claim its only fair, then years later they will remove the Christian ideals and completely replace with their own. It opens a vector. Have to remove it... state run school no churches.no mosques No synagogue. No. Nothing. permalink YodaBannon 9 points 18 hours ago thou shall not whine permalink 13MMshooter 9 points 18 hours ago HAAAAHAAAAAAA. Repent you fucking fucks. permalink Sexual_Assault_Rifle 8 points 16 hours ago Im not religious but I DEFINITELY support all of this. What exactly is wrong with a list of shit you probably shouldn't do? This isn't "girls shouldn't wear pants" or "metal music and skateboarding is the devil" it's "don't murder people"... permalink Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 16 hours ago I agree, I'm not religious either. The 10 Commandments just basically tells you not to be a fucking asshole. Be a decent person. What is so wrong about that? permalink Sexual_Assault_Rifle 2 points 15 hours ago Exactly... permalink fignuts 0 points 11 hours ago It sounds like you aren't familiar with them... 'You shall have no other gods before Me. ' 'Remember the Sabbath and keep it holy. ' 'No graven images' 'Don't take the lords name in vain'... I guarantee that everyone who is strongly for this is so because it is from a religious text of their preference. permalink nishinoran 2 points 10 hours ago Only the last 5 commandments exist in these dude's brains. permalink Braineack 2 points 13 hours ago Schools already have codes of conduct they don't adhere to... permalink HuntsBiden 8 points 18 hours ago I voted for this, the past three elections! permalink TheThreeSeashells 7 points 18 hours ago If this pervert hates being normal so much, he's free to quit at any time. permalink GontMawr 7 points 18 hours ago Yes, correct. If kids (and parents) want to go to these 'social clubs', do it on their own time and fucking dime. permalink Tired-Trucker 6 points 18 hours ago This is what we voted for. permalink Rucktoe 6 points 18 hours ago The commie teachers here in Oklahoma are losing their shit. I'm just sitting back with a smile on my face. permalink HoganP OP 4 points 18 hours ago What are they saying there? permalink Rucktoe 6 points 18 hours ago Just up in arms against Ryan Walters, who is the state superintendent that has been behind stuff like the Ten Commandments and making teachers from other states to prove they aren't woke. Here is one comment about him: He's a flag waving Bible thumping con man in one of the most spitefully red states in America. He'd need to kick several puppies, shoot a person, and punch a child on live TV while screaming how much of idiots his supporters are right into the camera and even then it would be 50/50 if he faced any consequences. permalink HoganP OP 3 points 17 hours ago That's awesome. If they're screaming, that means it's working. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 16 hours ago Remind the Commies the first Commandment is "Thou shall not kill." If they reject God's law, kill them on the spot. permalink DudeNoOne 6 points 18 hours ago Yes. I voted for this. permalink RobinNet 5 points 18 hours ago Keep these goblins away from children. By any means necessary. permalink thebeercules 5 points 18 hours ago This can be summed up with the following; you are no longer allowed to indoctrinate students while in school, seems simple enough :) permalink BlackPilledMAGA 5 points 18 hours ago I hope teacher faggot quits. permalink charlesthehammer 4 points 16 hours ago Imagine going to school and being upset you can’t indoctrinate students instead of teaching them. permalink SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 18 hours ago Woah permalink MadRussian 4 points 18 hours ago It's ogre permalink we_won_the_war_jack 4 points 18 hours ago Shameful is the new logic. permalink MEME-SUPREME 4 points 17 hours ago Elections matter. permalink Somebody157 4 points 18 hours ago Oh, fuck ya! permalink LaptopDied 4 points 18 hours ago What's so terrible? Harry's name is Harry. Communism isn't communal, it's brutal. Don't steal. Honor your mother. Sex should not be discussed with children. So? permalink TheThreeSeashells 5 points 18 hours ago What's so terrible? You're asking that question as a normal person. Consider the source: A mentally deranged pervert who in an otherwise normal society would never be allowed anywhere near children. permalink WhoMeTwo 1 points 17 hours ago HEY! HEY! HEY! STOP WITH THE INTI-SEMITIZMS !!11!11!11!1!!! permalink LaptopDied 0 points 17 hours ago There are Jews who know all that. permalink Rudy_DankMemer -2 points 17 hours ago Honor your mother. After you honor your father, first.... like ancient Israelites were instructed to before Babylonian Pharisees warped the religion. Jesus warned the whole earth, no one listened and now, those blood-cursed Neanderthals' rule the world. Talmud is evil. Simple as. permalink LaptopDied 2 points 17 hours ago Oh ... I just put Mommy first to make to make it more relatable. I know Daddy comes first in the original Hebrew. That's not Talmud, it is Torah. permalink billybaldwin2 3 points 16 hours ago Non-religious heathen here. I can agree with like 9 of them as a way everyone should live their life. The only real one I disagree with is the first, unless "You shall have no other gods before Me," means that I come first... before you know. permalink LaptopDied 1 points 15 hours ago So disagree. It didn't kill you to see that on the wall. It's Western Civ. Core thing. Basic to any Western education. The East is over there someplace. This is here. permalink fignuts 1 points 11 hours ago Not a western civ core thing... its the foundation of Jewish law. I personally don't want my tax dollars spent on it. permalink LaptopDied 1 points 11 hours ago Christians read the Old Testament too. permalink fignuts 1 points 11 hours ago And not all westerners are Christian. So what? This is how the pendulum swings. Trading one state sanctioned indoctrination for another is not the answer to our problems. permalink view 5 more comments... wmmiv2016v2 3 points 11 hours ago I voted for this. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink FuckU/Spez 3 points 18 hours ago I voted for this... When I was in high school some 30 years ago, we all knew who was gay, yet they minded their business, dressed neat, had the good hair. Not a single time do I remember anyone putting their gender first. Our school system has failed us and brought forth an entire generation that his pussified, woke, and gender confused. permalink InfinitesimalOrange 3 points 18 hours ago Good. permalink NPC-1776v2 3 points 18 hours ago I think the right response is - Giddyup! (even if this reads like the cheesemongers tale) permalink JamesBond007 2 points 13 hours ago Well he's a "Braeden" so.... permalink CasuallyObservant 1 points 11 hours ago No - Braeden (who is Kevin Sorbo's son) was reposting the guy's post. The whiner who is the alleged teacher is this guy: Significant-Jello411 https://www.reddit.com/user/Significant-Jello411/ permalink FreeChopperRides 2 points 13 hours ago Texas teacher here. I love all of this. The 10 commandments was a stupid hill to die on because we all know it goes down in court, but I don't disagree with it. permalink DemocratMath 2 points 13 hours ago Eat a dick you faggot commie. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 1 points 11 hours ago They probably already do. permalink Wbrober 2 points 15 hours ago Teachers can't call kids other than their legal name? I thought my real name was Retarded Dipshit until I was 12. RD for short. permalink Scot 2 points 15 hours ago Best news I've heard all day. permalink mass55th 2 points 17 hours ago Then find another job douchebag. permalink Forty_Five 2 points 17 hours ago we cannot call students by any names but the names on their birth certificate So you'd get in trouble for calling a kid named "Andrew" "Andy"? permalink pookiee68 2 points 16 hours ago At this point, I believe that ALLLLLLLL teachers are Communist pedophiles that only work that job to get close to children SO THEY CAN GROOM, INDOCTRINATE AND RAPE KIDS. PROVE ME WRONG. permalink Freedomnuggs 2 points 17 hours ago All normal shit? permalink TheSonOfGadsden 2 points 15 hours ago tHiS iS sHaMeFuLl. Fuck off commie faggot permalink BahamaDon 2 points 17 hours ago Jesus that R/Teachers sub is a cesspool of people against God and wanting to secretly sexploit kids. permalink Krat 3 points 17 hours ago You mean all of reddit permalink Logbas34 2 points 17 hours ago Ya know, Even if you weren’t religious, abiding by the 10 commandments is something that would be beneficial for kids to learn. permalink RizzlieDoodad 2 points 18 hours ago If you don't want to do it, quit permalink AlohaSnackbar 2 points 12 hours ago Strangely I agree with the final thoughts this cocksucker posted. It IS Shameful (that this fucker was ever a teacher). permalink SteelDriver 2 points 17 hours ago fucking shameful man... shameful it took laws to do this. permalink dr_gonzo 2 points 13 hours ago Started in service today at my school For fuck's sake these idiots are self righteous. You're not 'serving' anyone idiot. You're a fucking grade school teacher that makes 45k, and you do it because you only want to work 180 days a year due to the fact that you're psychologically trapped in your childhood. permalink StepasUSA 2 points 13 hours ago Yeah, SHAMEFULL, to be NORMAL permalink 1True-translation 2 points 17 hours ago Oh no they can't glorify communism, teach kids to be gay or rename other people's children! permalink Beat_to_Quarters 2 points 16 hours ago Funny how they complain about anti communism curriculum along with the other stuff. Just saying that part out loud now? permalink sir_rockness 2 points 13 hours ago ITS OVER BITCHES YEEEEEESSS WEEEEE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRENNSSS permalink TioVanilla 2 points 13 hours ago It truly Joever permalink KarlHungus53 1 points 15 hours ago What based school district is this? permalink TrumpAnalPenetrator 1 points 3 hours ago OK, but why Trump pivoted from promises to uncover the Dem pedo ring? Is he involved in any way? permalink cook_does 1 points 7 hours ago Texas schools have been back in session for 2 weeks already permalink MudDog 1 points 14 hours ago it's shameful all this is even necessary permalink Eros789 1 points 10 hours ago Have you seen some of the complaints about this? Some parents also argued that portions of the commandments are inappropriate for young children, including the lines “thou shalt not commit adultery” and “though shalt not covet thy neighbor’s wife.” Yep, shall not covert another's wife is inappropriate. But lap dances from transexuals and pictures of guys sucking cocks is not. Fucking clown world. 🫃 permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 18 hours ago OH NO. IT MEANS KIDS WILL ACTUALLY NEED TO BE LIKED TO FIT IN!!! OH THE HORROR!! /s permalink KrakenWakin4JoeBacon 1 points 14 hours ago Obvious exaggeration. Teachers can refer to Michael as Mike and can refer to Gabriella as Gabby. They just can’t refer to Michael as Mindy & Gabriella as Gunther for fucks sake permalink westrock2000 1 points 17 hours ago 👏🥹 permalink mygovisacommie 1 points 18 hours ago What’s shameful is the fact that this has to be fucking mandated and that these fags pushed it to the point where this backlash was needed. What’s shameful is we allowed it to happen in the first fucking place. If you want to sexualize your entire personality, children should not be exposed to your personality. Faggots should not be around children. Period. permalink MAGAnical_Bull 1 points 17 hours ago I dont agree with the 10 commandments part. Most of them are not translated properly. Even "commandments" is wrong permalink LaptopDied 1 points 15 hours ago One can discuss them for a lifetime, and should, but they are fine on the wall. In English. permalink MAGAnical_Bull 1 points 14 hours ago Then so is the 5 pillars of islam permalink LaptopDied 1 points 13 hours ago No. The Ten Commandments are core foundation of Western Civ. These are Western schools teaching Western Civ. What you mention is Eastern. The Ten Commandments are not sectarian and are the basis of all different kinds and stripes of the many Western traditions. They are not a prayer. permalink MAGAnical_Bull 1 points 11 hours ago Okay then use the 8 rather you didn't of the pastaferians permalink ArtLife 1 points 17 hours ago Baloney. This is a TDS persecution fantasy. permalink RStroud 1 points 17 hours ago While I think lolbertarianism without chauvinism is an open door to cultural suicide, I'm hoping the ten commandments thing is a trojan horse to remove any mandated religious iconography, observance, or and teaching, including all nontheistic philosophies/moral ideologies. For equal protection to mean anything it must go both ways, and hiding behind "we don't invoke a god" is bs. Neither does Zen, Confucianism, Daoism, Satanism, etc. A better tack would be to take the 600 or so levitical laws and rephrase and edit them, where possible, to remove any reference to God or overtly religious practices. You could easily get a hundred "secular" and nontheistic rules that would drive them absolutely crazy, and kids will wonder if they might be stoned for being idle and rebellious. permalink GabeC1997 1 points 16 hours ago Honestly, just kill off the whole institution. Actual teachers will try to find ways to teach kids of their own free will (eventually recreating schools as the demand for education remains the same), subversives will try to find another vector for their filth and try to go somewhere else. permalink Texas-T 1 points 15 hours ago A Federal judge just blocked Texas law requiring Ten Commandments displayed in public school classrooms... here we go. permalink BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 17 hours ago Seethe and dilate, faggot. permalink knnbccb 1 points 15 hours ago Godless communists in the teachers' unions. Those are the most dangerous part of the Swamp, because they corrupt the minds of youths. permalink thisisatestof2 1 points 17 hours ago I’m willing to bet about 99.997% of that was totally made up permalink DoctoeDS 1 points 17 hours ago "I cannot groom little children? I quit" permalink Amway 1 points 16 hours ago If it is a religious school OK, but a public school, the Ten Commandments is a no-no by law. It appears this Christian school has rediscovered God. permalink iteachfuckinscience 1 points 14 hours ago I teach the fuck out of science and I have a big beautiful American flag and the Ten Commandments and the declaration of independence and the constitution and it’s fucking awesome! GET FUCKED COMMIES! permalink NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 13 hours ago Lfg! permalink goat_nebula 1 points 17 hours ago Glory to God in the highest, and peace to His people on Earth. permalink MisterMAGA 1 points 10 hours ago Dude is gay guaranteed permalink friedchicken 1 points 17 hours ago "Any names but the names of their birth certificates"?? I know plenty of students who went by their nickname... i.e. "Ben" vs "Benjamin" or "Tony" vs "Ping-Xiau-Ding"... both in school and out. permalink Quietam_Unum 1 points 15 hours ago Geeze, guy; if you wanna groom childrun maybe you should get a different job. Maybe like swabbing floors as a trustee in the state penitentiary. permalink South_Florida_Guy 1 points 18 hours ago Good chance this is in FL permalink TheThreeSeashells 2 points 18 hours ago It's in Texas. TEKS = Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills permalink South_Florida_Guy 2 points 17 hours ago Ah I see I stand corrected but FL s also doing or has already done similar permalink TheThreeSeashells 2 points 15 hours ago I'm sure some Commie pedophile "teacher" in Florida will copy and paste this same complaint. permalink IPMang 1 points 16 hours ago Well, resign then. Nobody FORCED you to, right? permalink SoulSnipper 1 points 18 hours ago It's literally genocide permalink WhoMeTwo 1 points 18 hours ago Thank God. permalink Zippythekid 1 points 15 hours ago Yes! permalink 603taco 1 points 13 hours ago These people are demonic, but also so stupid. permalink trumpORbust 1 points 14 hours ago Like they will follow the rules permalink itspancakees 1 points 17 hours ago Activist mad that parents and students want actual teachers permalink DocBrody 1 points 10 hours ago hhaha woah indeed, fuck commies permalink cussword 1 points 9 hours ago Nice! permalink Another_ID 1 points 17 hours ago Common sense in a government school? "Ewww... waahhh..." permalink hoodar 1 points 14 hours ago Finally, common sense is back on the table. Excluding the cannot call someone a different name, wtf Nicknames dumbasses. permalink CaJuN-Polak 1 points 12 hours ago If only it were true ..... permalink Valensiakol 1 points 15 hours ago They were doing so well with the slow boil, but then they got super greedy the past several years and got noticed by enough normalfags that all their plans are blowing up in their faces now. permalink Kael 1 points 13 hours ago Imagine thinking all of that is bad permalink ParticleCannon 1 points 18 hours ago Poor definitely a human Significant Jello. They have to endure ideologies they don't agree with. permalink barwhack 1 points 16 hours ago Your "fucking shameful" is God's exultation, you dirty enemy of humanity, O p/redditor significant-jello411. permalink Fresnor 1 points 12 hours ago Yet, no pics. Plenty from the other direction though so rather doubtful this is true. permalink Mestroisfils 1 points 13 hours ago Amen!! permalink brewser724 1 points 17 hours ago You could always learn to code permalink blueballs43 1 points 7 hours ago HEY JELLO411 JUST QUIT YOUR USELESS! permalink Lulzokbro 1 points 13 hours ago The left must suffer, this is just the start permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 16 hours ago Yes, the ten commandments are terrible! I hate them! permalink BeanieRed 1 points 10 hours ago Didn’t know about that subreddit. It’s a diamond mine of progressive tears. The is flowing! permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 7 hours ago Braeden needs a new profession... leave the kids alone! permalink chickeninoven 1 points 18 hours ago Tem commandments? Yeah fuckin right. Name the school district or this is fake and gay. permalink djentropyhardcore 1 points 17 hours ago Texas law passed a bit ago permalink TrumpOrTreason 1 points 15 hours ago Where? permalink fightfightfightx 1 points 15 hours ago GOOD permalink SPEDMan64 1 points 14 hours ago Should never have started in the first place, commie piece of shit. permalink LiquidSun 1 points 17 hours ago I'm curious which of the ten commandments they disagree with. Something I'd like to see added to the display of the ten commandments are Jesus's two commandments, since they supersede the ten. permalink Tele_Plus 1 points 13 hours ago I want this to be true but people bullshit a lot on Reddit. Think, “guy walks into a bar wearing a Kamala shirt and everyone nods in solidarity” sort of bullshit. Only difference is that our side would do it just to troll them. permalink Coprolite 1 points 14 hours ago This is art of the troll stuff here permalink DrTar 1 points 10 hours ago Maybe he should quit. That'd show them. permalink Jesse3000 1 points 14 hours ago I wish it was over. permalink Zacktopia33 1 points 17 hours ago See also https://oklahomawatch.org/2024/12/03/did-every-county-in-oklahoma-vote-for-donald-trump-in-the-2024-presidential-election/ and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_United_States_presidential_election_in_Oklahoma permalink TrumpAnalPenetrator 1 points 3 hours ago Yes, but are you OK with a convicted sex abuser, Maxwell, being granted leniency in her prison sentence? permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 12 hours ago I am all in on this. 👏👏👏👏👏 permalink bothloveocean 1 points 17 hours ago Oh darn, you have to reach like it was the 1990s. permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 15 hours ago “It’s Over…” 🤣 permalink CCGJoe 1 points 8 hours ago I voted for this Christ is King permalink JohnCawktoastin 1 points 14 hours ago Truly heartbreaking. permalink JanOctSept 1 points 10 hours ago Oh no! Not their legal names! NOOOOOOOOOOOO permalink Louis_1313 1 points 15 hours ago THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT I FUCKING VOTED FOR!!! HOLY SHIT! permalink Braineack 0 points 13 hours ago Sorry, but the ten commandments does not belong in schools. I know you guys only like the parts of the Constitution that you agree with, but it's in there. Keep all cults out of schools. permalink Lulzokbro 2 points 13 hours ago I don't care, this is war, retribution calls for something like this to demoralize the enemy. permalink HoganP OP 2 points 13 hours ago Cite the part of the Constitution that says the ten commandments can't be in schools. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 5 hours ago Yes, but what would you do when Trump's name is revealed in the Epst n files, not as a mere friend, but as an actual customer of Eps in services? Are you hooked on little girls too? permalink SaltyTitties4 0 points 16 hours ago This is fake, Hogan. You’re posting a Reddit ? Get smarter. permalink Krat 0 points 17 hours ago This is flat out lies. Come on Sorbo ! permalink SurrenderFreeman 0 points 17 hours ago Ten commandments should not be in a public school. Everything else, he'll yea permalink MarshallB 2 points 17 hours ago Ten Commandments is HISTORY. Excluding it violates the First Amendment. What you can't do is advocate it's application. Leave that to parents. permalink SurrenderFreeman -1 points 17 hours ago The Ten commandments have no historical evidence of their existsnce permalink MindingPsNQs 2 points 16 hours ago They were written on a stone and it's around here someplace. permalink LaptopDied 1 points 15 hours ago Hear this man. permalink LaptopDied 1 points 15 hours ago Uh I'm here. I'm evidence. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 5 hours ago Aren't you eager to see what the Epstein files contain regarding the Melania-Jeffrey relationship? permalink YagamiFire 0 points 11 hours ago The Ten Commandments shouldn't be mandated to be posted. Everything else is great. permalink EvensoAmen 1 points 10 hours ago They indeed should. There is no neutrality. So-called secularism got us right here with drag hour. No, morality needs to be front and center. permalink BigDuke6 0 points 17 hours ago I'll take "Things That Never Happened" for 500, Alex. permalink TheLeftIsAntiRight -1 points 16 hours ago Not for nothing, but the Ten Commandments should not be displayed in public schools. Not a single religion should be represented whatsoever. permalink Pluckyapricots 1 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink wrathfulcordial 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink wrathfulcordial 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink TrumpSycophant 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink TheDarkEmperor 0 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink TheDarkEmperor 0 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1780 Woah posted 18 hours ago by HoganP 302 comments