883 DEAN CAIN: Ted wants to continue the cheating… posted 15 hours ago by Sunnybats2 41 comments 41 comments finnigan 55 points 15 hours ago Military doesn't use mail in ballots, they use absentee ballots which are fully vetted. Fucking liar. permalink rebuildingMyself 22 points 13 hours ago Same with overseas citizens, disabled people, etc. There was no reason for this other than using COVID fearmongering as an excuse to cheat permalink mikethemarine 5 points 10 hours ago Best lie he told was all the people he list were able to vote absentee prior to the so called pandemic, what that did was open the doors for them to cheat more and have people voting in multiple states and of course FAKE ballots Here's the problem, shut it down States allow voters who cannot or do not want to vote in person to cast mail-in or drop off ballots through absentee voting or vote-by-mail programs. Absentee and mail-in ballots can be cast for both primary and general elections. https://www.usa.gov/absentee-voting permalink RocketSprocket 32 points 15 hours ago Countless Americans rely on it - countless? permalink Shakakka99 34 points 15 hours ago Yes, as in you really can't count them until you know how many votes you need to win. permalink Tugg_Speedman 13 points 14 hours ago Countless democrats - as in not real people so you count count them permalink bratt 3 points 11 hours ago Hey! corpses are real people. permalink Oback_Barama 6 points 13 hours ago He said “folks”, he must be salt of the earth. permalink White-tailed_Eagle 7 points 11 hours ago Well many people who mail in voted for Biden are in the earth I would imagine. permalink KuzoKevin 18 points 15 hours ago Absentee ballots are not impacted. He's lying. permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 12 points 15 hours ago So glad Dean’s based. He and Kristy Swanson were hilarious reading Strzok and Page’s love texts about how they were going to stop Trump from getting elected. I just saw an episode of the original Beverly Hills 90210 - Dean Cain was featured in a guest role, pre-Superman days, 1991 or so. He was so unbelievably handsome! permalink notsuicidalatall 10 points 14 hours ago Countless nurses recruited by BLM, in nursing homes, coach the elderly and senile into voting for dems. "no ma'am, you don't want to vote for Trump, he a bad man.". permalink TrumpPatriot84 9 points 15 hours ago They can go to a polling station, or not vote. Shut down ALL mail in voting. While you are at it, station ICE at every polling station. permalink Pede 8 points 14 hours ago 28 states allow no-excuse mass absentee voting, which needs to be abolished. Some of those states don't require ID, making it effectively almost the same as mass mail in voting before 2020. Our side needs to explain that those groups who can't show up to vote will be still allowed to vote absentee as the other states have always allowed for. It's much easier to monitor a small amount of them. permalink stealthboy 7 points 14 hours ago Absentee ballots are already a thing. There is no need for "mail-in" ballots that you just send to everyone without any accountability. permalink Bboop 6 points 14 hours ago Nope - paper ballots, purple fingers permalink rebuildingMyself 6 points 13 hours ago Folks with disabilities and seniors and whatnot can request an absentee ballot. Mail in ballot is designed for ballot harvesting and allowing the least informed and least motivated the opportunity to cancel out the vote of those that care enough to do it the right way permalink AngelMark2 5 points 14 hours ago The disabled can use absentee ballots like they did for decades before the plandemic permalink Mona1950 3 points 9 hours ago ANNNNNND CHEATERS! permalink Tailgunnerjoe 3 points 10 hours ago Folks with disabilities and service members can continue to vote absentee. Everyone else show up in person. permalink tw0scoops 2 points 11 hours ago Managed fine prior to 2020. Go fuck yourself. permalink TheDoppelgamer 2 points 9 hours ago "folks" Sounds like a bot wrote the tweet or he is seriously still using the Obama play book. permalink SurveilThis 2 points 5 hours ago Countless Dem politicians rely on mail in voting. permalink Gunmolester 2 points 11 hours ago this fuck face is way high on my human pinata list permalink BrewSwillis 2 points 9 hours ago Gaslighting faggot. The people he mentioned can fill out absentee ballots, just like they always have. Dems have been pushing for "no excuse" mail-in ballots for all.... so they can cheat easier. permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 2 points 7 hours ago Oh yeah, I really relied on it when I was deployed overseas and never even got my ballot in 2020. But I did get 3 reminders in the mail to return my ballot... a month after the election... on the same date, all with different send dates... Fulton County made it so convenient for me to vote for Biden that they just did it for me!... apparently. Can I even check to see who I voted for or if my ballot was ever turned in by someone? NOPE! permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 11 hours ago How in the world did the elderly and disabled vote before 2016?! permalink braindeadgroup 1 points 7 hours ago He says “since 2020” as if that is so long and so many elections ago that if we changed back to the previous way it would be so outdated and ancient we wouldnt be able to adapt permalink Malfunction 1 points 12 hours ago Getting more popular because they keep learning they can get away with cheating more and more. permalink t-bone 1 points 8 hours ago I’m not going to read all the comments… I wonder if Dean Kane has received an invite to patriots.win yet? permalink mass55th 1 points 11 hours ago ""Military doesn't use mail in ballots, they use absentee ballots which are fully vetted. Fucking liar." And RATS have scores of Judges to challenge as many military ballots as they can. permalink Znut55 1 points 13 hours ago That's why we have ABSENTEE Voting and why relatives can drop off ballots of those who are TRULY unable. permalink Justlooking250 1 points 13 hours ago What a lying sack of protozoan shit permalink MagaPhone017 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, I'm sure Democrats are fully dependent on it--that's how their illegals, their criminals, and their dead people vote! permalink Monzie 1 points 4 hours ago Lol @ "countless Americans" More like countless harvestable ballots picked up and filled out by some Dem "election workers" permalink buckeyeminuteman 1 points 12 hours ago Seniors can get their ass to the polls like everybody else. They’re open for 13 hours. permalink Gunmolester 1 points 11 hours ago well thats all i need to know permalink magnokor 1 points 11 hours ago Asian versus Asian arguing. Superman wins. permalink realsolidsnakeoil 1 points 8 hours ago What happened in 2020 that made it so "popular"? permalink Rockmanneo 1 points 6 hours ago folks with disabilities has become more common With they way Dems been crashing out, I believe him. permalink 883 DEAN CAIN: Ted wants to continue the cheating… posted 15 hours ago by Sunnybats2 41 comments