548 Weeks after reports that Meta was offering $100 million signing bonuses to poach OpenAI talent, it turns out the social media giant's chatbot ambitions aren't panning out so well - as the company has frozen hiring in its artificial intelligence division (www.zerohedge.com) posted 8 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 43 comments Meta Freezes Hiring In AI Division ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com 43 comments AlexJonesIsRight 18 points 7 hours ago Homie, this is what the based tech ppl have been screaming for years. AI isn't actual intelligence.... it's only as good as the bias of the developers. Why is chat gpt under fire? Cause it's made by redditors. Use Claude ai it's much better permalink AVeryNakedMan 13 points 7 hours ago LLM's are very advanced auto complete functions. They are not "thinking" at all. permalink TheMemesofProduction 3 points 7 hours ago The wild part is that they can end up doing things we didn’t train for. That with a large enough set of data to train on, abilities seem to emerge. I don’t know what that says about reality and whether or not the language part of our mind is also an LLM, but it’s been fun watching. permalink fskfsk 5 points 7 hours ago The great part about AI is that it will give a completely wrong answer with supreme confidence. The user has to be very diligent to avoid a major screwup. permalink AVeryNakedMan 4 points 6 hours ago The great part about AI is that it will give a completely wrong answer with supreme confidence. Ironically, just like humans. permalink TPMJB 1 points 6 hours ago It is most definitely a YMMV type of deal. If you have two brain cells that occasionally collide to form a complete thought, you'll be able to see when the AI is feeding you bullshit. It's cut my research time down by 90%. Seriously, what took me hours to digest on pubmed was reduced to minutes. If you have intelligence, AI is a super underrated tool if you haven't used it. It did send me on a wild goose chase once for 3 hours when I was trying to figure out how to upgrade a drive on my NAS without having to remap all devices connected to it. I eventually came to the answer. Unsure if I would have come to the answer faster without AI, though. Never knew about symlinks before, I guess. I do now! permalink view 4 more comments... 45-MAGANUM 0 points 6 hours ago That's better than most people TBH permalink bidensmissingbrain 6 points 7 hours ago Modern AI = Artificial Automated Intelligence Use it to automate tedious tasks, don't use it as an excuse to turn your brain (further) off. permalink OnceADroplet 3 points 7 hours ago On another level, it would depend on your definition of intelligence. Academics spurn the idea of the metaphysical and claim intelligence through reasoning of evidence. If intelligence is simply a collation of information points, then AI is intelligent regardless of bias because academics certainly hold bias while considering themselves intelligent. Humanity's ego is nearing a standoff with the increasing power of AI. Professors will be reduced to assistants to feed it with information. We will watch the struggle as tech CEO's start getting brain implants to achieve more output. We have struggled with struggling for so long that we constructed a robot idol to take it all away, and now we struggle with the thought of what will happen when the other shoe drops. Defining intelligence begs the question of the existence of the soul. permalink McFatty7 4 points 7 hours ago Professors will be reduced to assistants More like reduced to unemployment, because college has lost almost all it's value. The younger generations are rejecting college and going to the trades or anything that's much more hands-on, because it's resistant to AI disruption. It's so alarming to States, that a bunch of States require high school seniors to fill out a FAFSA in order to graduate. They're hoping to try to convice suckers to take out debt slave student loans, and graduate with no job, all while being brainwashed into voting Democrat after years of indoctrination. permalink TPMJB 2 points 6 hours ago More like reduced to unemployment, because college has lost almost all it's value. This was the case long before AI. Seems like people are starting to wake up to this fact. Got a Bachelor's in pre-med. Learned absolute zilch about pharmaceuticals. Got a job in pharma manufacturing that required a simple highschool diploma a decade earlier. Applied to jobs every day until someone gave me a scientist job. Still, nothing used from college. Six years later I got a master's degree where I learned nothing from the courses and simply applied my career knowledge. Now companies pay me to consult where effectively 0% of my education was useful. Academia is so far removed from reality that they don't know which way is up. It is only actually useful in an extreme minority of cases. permalink user2827 1 points 3 hours ago At least engineering wasn't that disconnected. Except that, out of all the math, anything more complicated than multiplication/division can be handled with an excel spreadsheet or has specialized software or equipment that handles all the math. permalink OnceADroplet 2 points 7 hours ago FAFSA always rubbed me the wrong way - I had to fill out way back when even though I wasn't taking out any loans or they wouldn't let me sign up for classes 4th amendment is truly dead I don't think professors will be reduced to unemployment however. We have a big problem with academic journals running rampant publishing anything but science for decades. These AI platforms will eventually need researched and honest people to either start anew with important studies or filter through the junk. permalink fskfsk 2 points 6 hours ago The thing that screwed professors is a typical university might graduate 10 PhDs per year, but only hire a new tenure track professor every 2-3 years. They were already screwed by the market. Most PhDs are completely useless for anything but academic work (STEM being one exception ... sometimes), so you have a ton of PhDs chasing a shrinking pool of jobs. Most universities are cutting back on tenured faculty and using adjunct/temp labor as much as possible. permalink patrioticwinning3 1 points 2 hours ago Who made Claude AI? permalink OnceADroplet 10 points 7 hours ago The modern day AOL of the internet is shocked by the news that their users are afraid of technological advancement. permalink Covefefe 7 points 7 hours ago I missed that “the modern day AOL of the internet”….beautiful! permalink CastIronBeaver 7 points 7 hours ago I don't know Boss. It just started printing "Go Woke, Go Broke and Go Fuck Yourself" on all the printers in the building until they ran out of toner or paper, or we just unplugged them. I've got reams of paper on the floor everywhere. permalink FBIsurveillance 7 points 7 hours ago billion doller employees is crazy. There has to be soemthing deeper to this AI craze. No way there spending all that money for no reason. permalink cjcivicx 3 points 7 hours ago The money from ads are worth hundreds of billions of dollars. permalink the-new-style 1 points 2 hours ago Meta pissed away over $46bn on VR chat in 3 years. Which, amazingly, was only 1/16th of their profit during that time. They pull in $40bn profit - per quarter! permalink TerdFurguson 1 points 2 hours ago We've been here before, 25 years ago, with the dot-com bubble and subsequent crash. Not saying there's no value to AI whatsoever, after all, the internet survived the bursting of the bubble and has grown larger every day since, but the outlandish hype and grotesque amounts of money around AI right now is largely a potemkin village. permalink raptormissle 6 points 7 hours ago They also started backtracking on making all of their good models open source. permalink TPMJB 5 points 7 hours ago Hire H1B talent, get H1B results. Rest in shit, FB/Meta. permalink ColonelKlink 4 points 7 hours ago This ai garbage is worse than a biased search engine. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 4 points 7 hours ago They're all jacking off to the anime AI girl. So stupid. permalink magnokor 3 points 7 hours ago Should all these Meat people, from the robot owner to all the little typing people, be arrested for manslaughter? https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/meta-ai-chatbot-death/ She had been right to worry: Her husband never returned home alive. But Bue wasn’t the victim of a robber. He had been lured to a rendezvous with a young, beautiful woman he had met online. Or so he thought. In fact, the woman wasn’t real. She was a generative artificial intelligence chatbot named “Big sis Billie,” a variant of an earlier AI persona created by the giant social-media company Meta Platforms in collaboration with celebrity influencer Kendall Jenner. During a series of romantic chats on Facebook Messenger, the virtual woman had repeatedly reassured Bue she was real and had invited him to her apartment, even providing an address. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 4 points 7 hours ago Should a water utility provider have all of its employee's prosecuted for manslaughter if anyone drank water and died, even if that is of no relation to the cause of death? permalink TPMJB 2 points 6 hours ago Yeah I don't know if I support punishing companies when disastrously stupid people kill themselves when using the company's products. Sounds like the companies are doing us a favor. permalink nomoreprinkles 2 points 4 hours ago Ai is a fucking scam. Nuke the economy so you can put your company on autopilot? Sounds retarded in every facet. Who, praytell, is going to buy your product if everyone else in the village was ALSO replaced with a modernized phonetree? Maybe the ai can learn to consume products for you as well. permalink yurimodin 2 points 7 hours ago THANK GOD. This bubble needs to POP and soon. permalink deepbake 1 points 6 hours ago llm's are a solution without a problem, like an electric hummer permalink knnbccb 1 points 7 hours ago Good. Now remove that 'Meta AI' crap from Whatsapp. permalink 45euphorichawk 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink ShyRussian 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink worriedPie5 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink worriedPie5 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 7 hours ago Spam is delicious permalink 548 Weeks after reports that Meta was offering $100 million signing bonuses to poach OpenAI talent, it turns out the social media giant's chatbot ambitions aren't panning out so well - as the company has frozen hiring in its artificial intelligence division (www.zerohedge.com) posted 8 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 43 comments Meta Freezes Hiring In AI Division ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com