1259 Glow, Baby Glow! U.S. Nuclear Industry Ready to Dominate the World (pjmedia.com) posted 17 hours ago by Trick 212 comments Glow, Baby Glow! U.S. Nuclear Industry Ready to Dominate the World Explore how the U.S. nuclear industry aims to reclaim its global dominance in energy production. pjmedia.com 212 comments MythArcana 79 points 17 hours ago Great, but don't use them to power AI data centers. This is for humans to live properly, not for the masses to be indoctrinated by libtard AI systems. permalink DontDoxMeBro1 56 points 17 hours ago Best i can do is provide massive power to your new overlord, Ai. permalink MAGALADON9 11 points 17 hours ago My a.i. overlord is cute and she lubs me lots. permalink NomadicKrow2 6 points 15 hours ago Cute AI: "Baby, will you tell me your mother's maiden name and the last four digits of your social? TEE HEE!" permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 10 hours ago Wait how did you know she said that are you a spy!?! permalink The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 8 hours ago Nuclear power has little to no fuel costs. Electricity should be free. permalink trumpORbust 4 points 17 hours ago Radioactive lube permalink 45fan 4 points 17 hours ago Grok Gooning permalink meanwhileinamerica 1 points 11 hours ago The war against robots will against lust and not guns permalink Powdered_Sugar 5 points 16 hours ago I'd take a purely-fact-based AI overlord over the retarded gay overlords we have now. permalink LogicCircuits 3 points 17 hours ago Do you guys think ChatGPT or Grok will absorb the other to become AM? permalink user2827 1 points 15 hours ago AM? permalink IRemoveKebab 2 points 11 hours ago "I have no mouth, but I must scream" A nightmarish book. permalink view 1 more comments... Spindle-spin 1 points 17 hours ago AI needs to be stopped and outlawed. Current AI is inherently flawed with a liberal bias. It is built off a history of one-sided science and thinking that doesn't account for any conservative principles . Elon is trying to course correct Grok as time goes on, but it keeps blowing up in his face because it's broken from the foundation. We need to wait until sources fed into an AI model correspond to conservative thinking before we can use it widely. permalink Simple_Doot 9 points 17 hours ago It is absolutely unstoppable. Plan accordingly. permalink cyberrigger 2 points 14 hours ago AI is going to be like polyester fabric ----- Look! it irons itself! this is great! ---- until you actually have to wear it, with the sweat dripping down your legs. You will be begging to go back to cotton. permalink view 2 more comments... ConvergenceMan 5 points 17 hours ago This might have been true last year, but not any more. It's pretty clear OpenAI was making their bots intentionally liberal until this year; but that suddenly changed with Trump in office. Once again, it's not the technology, it's the man behind the curtain. permalink Simple_Doot 2 points 17 hours ago Stopping it was never in the cards. Only a global catastrophe like a solar flair can stop it. Problems come with that too, obviously. permalink view 3 more comments... Parhelion12 5 points 16 hours ago The BBB blocked any government regulation of AI for 10 years. You voted for that. permalink BannedAccount 4 points 16 hours ago That provision was removed from the bill i thought? permalink view 1 more comments... permissible_missile 0 points 16 hours ago Thank God. Retards have driven society long enough. Fuck "The Science". Check out what actual fucking statistics does. If you're not ready, get ready. permalink cciv 2 points 17 hours ago Don't be retarded. There's no liberal bias to self driving automobiles. permalink TallestSkill 2 points 17 hours ago Current AI is inherently flawed with a liberal bias. Skill issue permalink OGpsywar 0 points 17 hours ago Best I can do is for any microscopic amount whatsoever to be 100% fatal for 24,000 years permalink FartherRight 27 points 17 hours ago It has to be AI data centers or you'll be ruled by China's AI data centers. Can't sit on the sidelines, it's like refusing to build nuclear weapons because you disagree with them, while everyone else does. permalink TruculentGoose 8 points 17 hours ago Yup, plus AI is available to everyone, not just a handful of mega corps or gov permalink Klaus73 3 points 16 hours ago For now; the reality is once AI gets more powerful it will be regulated like a nuclear weapon because that will be how drastic an impact these things will have on humanity. Of course your tax dollars will still be funding them mind you. permalink BannedAccount 1 points 16 hours ago For now permalink permissible_missile 5 points 16 hours ago The cat doesn't go back into the bag. permalink Simple_Doot 4 points 17 hours ago Lots of A.I. doubters claiming that its like the internal combustion engine or the internet in that dooms dayers are just overreacting. And I agree all tech fear mongering has been bogus...until now. A.I. is like going from copper age to steel age over the course of a decade. It will give society whiplash and will displace tens of millions of employees with no where else to go. They have no idea what is on the horizon. I dont know exactly what's going to happen but I know it will be the most consequential development in world history. permalink Parhelion12 6 points 16 hours ago I see your AI and raise you disposable diapers permalink StrongIsland 3 points 16 hours ago It’s 2025 and it looks like sexual robot stuff is already here, AI relationships are forming and robot uteruses for rent are coming soon! “You may live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension” ~tesla permalink ConvergenceMan 2 points 16 hours ago Who cares about if an AI can talk sexy. I want realistic spine, hip, and tongue action. permalink view 2 more comments... Simple_Doot 1 points 12 hours ago That's some out there stuff. Im more concerned with the elimination of humans from millions of job positions leaving them squarely in the useless eater class. permalink user2827 2 points 15 hours ago One thing to keep in mind is that there's a vast difference between the sales pitch and the product. Claims will be made like how the AI knows more than any PhD on all subjects. Yet, it count how many of each letter is in a word, and utterly fails at any sort of reasoning challenge. That said, AI does not need to be hyper intelligent in order to represent a significant societal threat. permalink Simple_Doot 1 points 12 hours ago Im worried about the millions of no-collar jobs that will disappear in the coming years. Why pay a call center millions per year when you could have one room operating 24/7 365 with one dude doing maintenance once a week. Doctors and lawyers have more time. Plumbers and other tradesman actually fair best, I believe. But the upheaval of the millions will be difficult to roll with. permalink bidensmissingbrain 1 points 16 hours ago AI will simply be the latest in a long line of tools used by people without morals to rule and/or enslave people with morals. permalink conservativefrank 5 points 17 hours ago Some of those systems develop open source AI. People then use it to make, for example, memes that support Trump and MAGA. permalink booblitchutz 4 points 17 hours ago There's no other way to power all the electric cars AND air conditioners AND AI data centers. Then the problem becomes how to move all that power. The crumbling electrical grid infra, I mean. permalink OGpsywar 6 points 17 hours ago We already did a 500% expansion of the US grid for air conditioning .. technologically back (just as a benchmark) before catalytic converters But in 2025, oh woe, the sky she'z falling! permalink user2827 1 points 14 hours ago Sure, it's possible, but even with the growth in the grid, there are times where the demand for metals like copper exceeds the mining capacity. There's a global shortage in sand used for fuses. Also, the codes and standards that apply are significantly more rigid than they were 50 years ago... most of it being for the better, I'm just saying. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 16 hours ago Was the US dependent on foreign imports for that expansion? permalink Icepck 1 points 17 hours ago Don't forget powering the crypto mining. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB -1 points 17 hours ago all the electric cars I call them RCs, Retarded Cars. ︎ permalink booblitchutz 1 points 15 hours ago I don’t think they’re retarded, I think the technology is still not completely feasible. Electric motors are certainly more energy efficient, it’s the energy generation, the grid and the storage media that are lacking. Charging still takes too long. I think these are problems that can and will be solved eventually, and when that happens the move to electric will be quite welcome. permalink user2827 2 points 14 hours ago The best way to make EVs work at the scale desired is to go full Fallout and put small nuclear generators for power supply. permalink view 2 more comments... BallotsOnRubysUSB 0 points 15 hours ago ︎ I think that the environmental and security laws still have to catch up to these "massive hazardous waste on by wheels, massive incendiary devices". ︎ Petroleum and natural gas are so more natural, as their combustion products are very similar to a natural forest fire. There are basically little if no chemical hazards with a normal car on fire compared to an elec TRICK vehicle. ︎ permalink view 1 more comments... cciv 4 points 17 hours ago Nah, I want AI to make domestic production so cheap we don't need to import shit. permalink BannedAccount 3 points 16 hours ago There wont be any jobs for people to earn money to buy shit no matter how cheap it is all these corps. Salivating over the prospect of having a wage free workforce dont seem to realize Ai wont buy their product and neither will jobless people permalink cciv 1 points 15 hours ago Then don't participate. I will and I'll reap the profits. permalink BannedAccount 1 points 15 hours ago Profits off of who? All the jobless people replaced by ai? permalink Websitesdown 31 points 17 hours ago Yesterday and make the prices go down now too please. permalink ConvergenceMan 18 points 17 hours ago Nah, when technology advances, it will make production cheaper for us corporations , but since we are a monopoly, and the government doesn't bust up monopolies anymore, we'll keep prices high to juice our margins because we have a fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders to do so. Those 401Ks need more number go up. You can buy as much power as you want, but you won't get a discount. In fact, if you need a lot of power, we'll have to upgrade the infrastructure, and raise everyone's prices even more. Then if we get tarriffed, taxed, or have to pay our skeleton crew $1/ hr more, we'll again pass the cost on to you, times 3. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 6 points 17 hours ago a monopoly Exactly right. The elec TRICK industry distribution system MUST BE BROKEN UP. It's a plague on the rest of the capitalistic driven, competitive market place. ︎ permalink bidensmissingbrain 4 points 15 hours ago ...the government doesn't bust up monopolies anymore... Even when they did it didn't do much. As it stands, we're about 2 mergers away from Ma Bell being rebuilt. permalink Quietam_Unum 4 points 16 hours ago and the government doesn't bust up monopolies anymore, we'll keep prices high to juice our margins because we have a fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders to do so. Am old enough to remember "nuclear will make electricity so cheap it won't be worth installing meters." Yeah, they actually said that out loud. Still waiting for flying cars also. Promises, promises... permalink Klaus73 3 points 16 hours ago I actually still have the "predictions of the future" from the 80's and it always gives me a chuckle. The reality is that until mankind figures out how to... ...get off earth. ...get along We're fucked. permalink Platinum28 1 points 16 hours ago That responsibility to shareholders is the key case law permalink Jimmyprawns 5 points 17 hours ago Pawnstar guy: Best I can do is reopen the coal and natural gas fired plants. And knock over a few windmills. Me: Hmmmm. Welp that's good enough for me, I'll take it. Me during the after-deal interview: He doesn't know it yet but I'm getting those nuke plants too. I've got more good stuff in my garage. permalink thebeercules 1 points 17 hours ago Takes around a decade to build a nuclear reactor and most of the time it drives up the cost of electricity not brings the price down. You don’t start seeing economical benefits of nuclear power until the reactor is 15 years old. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cbeJIwF1pVY permalink Wooster97 5 points 17 hours ago Its better than destroying what natural land is left with windmills. Go sell crazy someplace else. Nuclear should have taken over the US energy production 40 years ago. Time to get it back on track. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -3 points 16 hours ago Its better than destroying what natural land is left with windmills Windmills preserve farmland and prevent it from becoming suburbia. permalink Wooster97 1 points 16 hours ago No they don't dumbass. They destroy what's left of the natural world. Poke your fricking head out into the real world where windmills are on tops of fucking mountains that were natural and wild 5v years ago. Do you know it takes a windfarm the size of Manhattan just to replace 1 nuclear generator that sits on a few acres? Windmills are unsustainable just for the energy density factor you numbnuts faggot. To power Manhattan or woouldv take a windfarm bigger than 45 Manhattans. And dumbass did you know entry windfarm is backed up by a conventional coal or lng power plant for when the wind doesn't blow? So every windfarm has a real power plant to keep the power flowing continuously. But I guess the windfarm makes you feel good about destroying nature permalink view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 16 hours ago Wait till they figure out where the extra waste is going to be stored. permalink LordKuroTheGreat 2 points 17 hours ago How much of that decade is because of clipboard goblins in the government gumming up the process? We could go way faster if someone, say a president or his loyal underlings, were willing to take a machete to regulations and alphabet agencies. permalink movetofirefox 1 points 16 hours ago Better those goblins than letting the pajeets and their slavemasters build a reactor that melts down. permalink thebeercules 1 points 14 hours ago Regulations and assuming the project won’t have hiccups is normally cause of the issue, there is also only one company in the world capable of making the pressure vessel for the reactor and they are based in Japan. There is a reason USA stopped making reactors and it’s mostly because the US government is no longer stockpiling plutonium and without a buyer for plutonium, the economics of a reactor fall short. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 0 points 16 hours ago So give nuclear secrets to Chinese nationals. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 0 points 16 hours ago Nuclear is the most expensive form of power. permalink HurtzLocker 22 points 17 hours ago This subject serves as a litmus test to identify true environmentalists versus grifters and virtue signalers. Nuclear power is most advantageous. permalink tchouk 3 points 14 hours ago The US is decades behind Russia and China, especially in fuel production. permalink cherbui 2 points 17 hours ago without reseach and development .. those terrorist environmentalists bark .. the global warming and shit to hinder progress against America .. while they kneel down to ccp when they pop up nuclear power plans all around their country to F the environment. so anyone bark about nuclear plans tell those fucker to dare them to bark at Chyna and go protest in Chyna .. if not shut the fuck up in America =-) permalink cucks_on_parade 2 points 16 hours ago Nuclear is the most green energy we have permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -6 points 16 hours ago Nuclear power is the single most expensive form of power and with that is a horrible idea to expand. permalink notsuicidalatall 9 points 17 hours ago Billions have been wasted to enable mad scientist type grifters to pursue cold fusion as a green energy source. This is impossible, you'll never get more energy then you put in. If those billions were spent on designing, constructing, and activating nuclear power plants across the US, we'd have the safest and greenest energy possible. The waste has to be dealt with but now with Alligator Alcatraz, and a border wall, we can line the border wall with drums of buried nuclear waste, and surround alligator Alcatraz with it. permalink Hikedelics 5 points 16 hours ago It was always just a matter of time. I’m not a fan of wasteful spending on frivolous research but fusion is absolutely an area we should be actively working on. Fuck how cocaine affects the mating habits of penguins, or another self serving “climate study” that always reaches the same conclusion of “yes! the situation is dire and we DO need more funding to tell you more about it next year.” We likely won’t be realize the benefits for quite some time still but they pay off will be YUGE!! Did you know there is more energy in a gallon of sea water than there is in a gallon of gasoline because of its deuterium and tritium content? Just imagine what that kind of energy abundance would mean for us. https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2023/aug/06/us-scientists-achieve-net-energy-gain-second-time-fusion-reaction permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 16 hours ago i'll check it out. my uncle was a physicist and said the tokarev reactor was the closest they had gotten at the time. permalink HelluvaEngineer 7 points 17 hours ago My concern is that these plants take years and billions of dollars to build. On top of that, most nuclear engineers are pushing 70. Younger people have zero interest in that major, if you can even find a school that offers it. All it takes is another democrat administration and the projects will be shut down and money wasted. Instead we'll be stuck with windmill construction. permalink KekistanPM 7 points 17 hours ago Anyone trying to learn how to make nuclear power sources on their own will be treated as a terrorist trying to make a bomb. permalink Hikedelics 5 points 16 hours ago Happened ~20 or maybe 25 years ago to “The Nuclear Boy Scout.” Kid was absolutely brilliant and what happened to him was a goddamn shame. He could have contributed so much that we all might have benefited from, but instead they villainized him and squandered the bright future of an incredibly intelligent young man. permalink Wooster97 6 points 17 hours ago Bullshit. Nuclear degrees are all over the place. I'm a physicist. There's no shortage of people able to run a plant. There's no shortage of people in their 30s and 40s either you nitwit. permalink WhitePowerRanger 1 points 16 hours ago Just cause when you go to your job you’re surrounded by other people who have the same degree as you doesn’t mean the entire country has nuclear degrees. As previously stated, there less than 500 nuclear graduates a year, that’s 10 people per state. No one gets a nuclear degree in this country anymore cause there is no goddamn point since democrats keep making it impossible to build and operate them. permalink Wooster97 6 points 16 hours ago Dumbass. I'm a physicist for over 20 years. You think I don't know the state of affairs with the physics community in the usa and only know my job? I'm a program manager in aerospace defense and I'm the only physicist in my building. There are thousands and thousands of physicists in the usa and you don't need a piece of paper saying nuclear engineer to know nuclear physics or how a buckhead plant operates You don't even know that you don't even know what you're talking about. If we needed to satisfy dumbasses who want a piece of paper saying nuclear engineer we could have 5000 new ones by next year alone because dumbass there are 10s of thousands of physicists who only need 3 or 4 classes that aren't even in nuclear physics to finish the degree requirements among with their existing degree. When people like you try to do science you make fools of yourselves without even knowing it. Its funny how quickly the usa trained nuclear engineers in a few short years from having zero to having them by the boatload in the 50s. And now it's a bridge too far for you. permalink covok48 2 points 16 hours ago Bro you were born in 1997 if anyone is to believe your screen name. That would put you at what, 27-28? And you’ve been doing this 20 years and you talk to us like that ? LOLOLOLOLOL permalink WhitePowerRanger -1 points 16 hours ago You think I don't know the state of affairs with the physics community in the usa and only know my job? I don’t even believe you’re a physicist you fucking clown. You’re a faggot nobody with the IQ of a kumquat. You are so goddamn stupid it’s un fucking believable. And I didn’t read past that quoted sentence to spare the rest of my brain cells from your faggotry permalink Cannot_stop_winning 1 points 14 hours ago I disagree with you. I know plenty of folks who have the appropriate degrees and backgrounds to run and/or are currently running nuclear plants. I’m an EE and am surrounded by physicists and other EEs with the credentials to do so. We’re all 35 or younger Don’t forget all the nukes in the Navy too who have been working with power plants on a smaller scale whilst still being relatively young. The parent comment up top is a non-issue imo. permalink WhitePowerRanger 1 points 13 hours ago and/or are currently running nuclear plants Are you going to clone them? Cause it sounds like they’re all too busy with their current jobs. You live in a bubble buddy. You’re surrounded by these people cause that’s your job to be surrounded by them. The “plenty of people” you know is it. That’s it. And they’re all busy with other nuclear projects. The navy can’t get enough nuclear credentialed people because the private sector is so short they pay quadruple what the navy does. You are out of your fucking mind if you think there is a surplus of unemployed nuclear physicists in this country. permalink view 1 more comments... HelluvaEngineer 1 points 17 hours ago Thanks for insulting me, Mr. Expert. Now let's look at some actual numbers. "Here is a visualization of the popularity of various engineering bachelor's degrees in the U.S., based on 2022–2023 data from the ASEE (American Society for Engineering Education):" Mechanical Engineering 29,792 Computer Science (within Eng.) 26,324 Civil Engineering 11,263 Electrical Engineering 11,207 Chemical Engineering 8,034 Biomedical Engineering 7,920 Computer Engineering 7,338 Other Engineering 7,051 Industrial/Manufacturing/Systems 5,847 Aerospace Engineering 5,251 Nuclear Engineering 411 Nuclear Engineering remains highly specialized, with fewer than 500 graduates nationwide per year. Have a nice day. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 3 points 16 hours ago Nuclear Engineering remains highly specialized, with fewer than 500 graduates nationwide per year. Nuclear engineering is typically a masters degree program and isnt directly comparable to the other engineering disciplines in that regard. You normally train a nuclear engineer by selecting someone who was already a chemical, electrical, or mechanical engineer, or potentially a physicist and then running them through the nuclear engineering masters program. Its far quicker to train them with a 1 year masters than a 4 year undergrad, so the number of engineers is more flexible. The Navy tried to run me through one of these programs as I was an engineering undergrad and I told them to get fucked. permalink HelluvaEngineer 1 points 16 hours ago That may be true. There are some undergrad programs though. My alma mater still offers one. They used to actually have a working reactor on campus (until 1995.) permalink ConvergenceMan 0 points 16 hours ago 400 per year means 4,000 are being produced per decade. They will all be employed. If nuclear plant construction ramps up, Pajeets will see the opportunity and flood in, wait 4 years, and suddenly Nuclear engineering will have 4,000 graduates per year. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 3 points 16 hours ago You need a DoE clearance to be a nuclear engineer and they arent eligible. permalink view 1 more comments... ChenZhenFromJingWu 1 points 12 hours ago I'm in the industry. Right now we have a trained workforce coming off vogtle 3/4 begging for a big nuke project. This is after a 30 yr hiatus. If we don't build more, we will have squandered a huge investment. permalink ConvergenceMan 3 points 17 hours ago Or Solyndra permalink Jimmyprawns 5 points 17 hours ago Just make sure it's homer simpson running them and not pajeet sing. hell, Id pick Apu in heartbeat over a FOB with a CDL. Or is it FOP now? And do not outsource or H1B the engineering work. permalink ConvergenceMan 1 points 17 hours ago They'll have AI do the engineering work. Pajeet will only review it. permalink Jimmyprawns 4 points 17 hours ago That's going to be a whole new death spiral. All AI can do is plaguerize what it finds on the internet. Its really good at it because it can read a shit ton of the internet in an instant looking for shit to copy and average out into a seemingly original output. All those substack-like places to find and plagiarize code were great for hobbyists and tinkerers in the early to mid 2000's. But then the fakers started leaning on them for real work. So the pajeets started posting there to get noticed by recruiters in the US and to help out the H1Bs already over here and in over thier heads. Quality of industry final product dropped dramatically. But with AI jumping in, the entropy of 'copy of a copy of a copy's hyper accelerated plagiarism will cause serious bloatware. Social media is already off the rails. With AI accelerating an already out of control plagiarism pattern albeit better hidden. But once the internet becomes flooded with AI content, it will have nothing to copy but itself. We are well on our way to Idiocracy. Surrounded by and dependant upon technologies no one understands well enough to trouble shoot and maintain anymore. The first world will start having 3rd world problems drive by ignorance and a dependence upon magic. Like nobody in town being able to fix a water well pump. Or have enough sense to stop watering crops with saltwater. "Why do you do that" because a magical being named Grok told my great great great grandfather to do it. Where is this grok? The great spirit was angered by "..." Then the 'great black out' occured and Grok left us. We eagerly await his return after which he will surely save us. permalink Klaus73 1 points 16 hours ago Eventually its just AI feeding AI. Think "I have no mouth but I must scream" wait until you start seeing roads designed explicitly to support these data centers.. permalink booblitchutz 1 points 17 hours ago Best I can do is all shifts covered by Haitians. permalink yurimodin 5 points 17 hours ago Hurry the fuck up my electric bills are double what they were in the 1st term permalink thebeercules 5 points 17 hours ago Three mile island has entered the chat :p Water based reactors are the most inefficient power generators on the planet, they use 0.5% of the uranium put into them and are only economically viable if your selling the plutonium they produce, Plutonium being the most expensive material ever created. They are famous for cost over runs in production and you have zero say after built on how they are fuel, basically whoever builds it, controls the fuel going into it. Thorium reactors are the solution but they don’t produce plutonium so all research funds were pulled in the 60s after they build a functional reactor. This was done because US military wanted plutonium for its bombs and didn’t want a reactor that didn’t produce plutonium. Odd because in 2011 Chinese researchers came to inspect the thorium reactor in the US and are on a mass effort to build one in china. It’s almost as if the Chinese know something Americans don’t :p permalink Icepck 4 points 17 hours ago Finally, another person who understands LFTR advantages! permalink HocusLocus 2 points 17 hours ago gets lonely in here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG1YjDdI_c8 permalink WhitePowerRanger 3 points 16 hours ago Damn long watch but I’m 30 minutes in and I can’t look away. Very interesting. Can’t believe they don’t teach interesting stuff like this in schools anymore permalink HocusLocus 2 points 16 hours ago Gorden McDowell's pacing and editing is excellent, there is not an idle moment in the whole thing. I'm very glad natural gas is coming back with a touch of coal for awhile (along with common sense) but LFTR needs to happen, fusion won't and water reactors won't. As I get older I gather more contempt for the assholes that still claim to gullible people that wind&solar could scale to power an industrial economy. I wrote a paper letter to Trump in 2016. permalink Icepck 2 points 13 hours ago More folks need to see it. Maybe President Trump needs to see it! permalink Kebobez -1 points 16 hours ago Thorium is a meme and the ccp are masters of deception permalink Conspiracytheorist 4 points 17 hours ago Gonna open up a shrimp buffet permalink Oodles 3 points 16 hours ago So if we started building them today, would it be 6-8 years before they start producing energy? I think we need to do this; I just wish we would have done it 6-8 years ago permalink Maganifice7 2 points 16 hours ago There are several that were built, but not completed due to government regulations. I would assume some of these can be completed. permalink Oodles 2 points 16 hours ago That is surprising. I would assume the technology and regulations change so fast that a half-built nuclear reactor would be worth less than nothing permalink TheRedPilledArtist 3 points 17 hours ago Now replace Elec-trick cars with Nuclear-powered cars! ☢️ permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 4 points 17 hours ago ︎ Hah, I read in an old newspaper microfilm about a guy running around in 1946 or 1947 about how he built a prototype invention of a hydrogen generator using a small tank (container), saw dust, water, and something hot, like either U-235 and/or some plutonium. He had the device next to him and was saying that they could power trains across the country for pennies a day. ︎ This was just before the NRC and other agencies got involved in regulating the industry. ︎ I'm still wondering when this guy died, how radioactive was he, and where exactly did he ditch his prototype. ︎ permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 16 hours ago You claim to be an engineer and push the most retarded shit. permalink Klaus73 3 points 16 hours ago Hey Listen Doc Brown was a friend of mine...he vanished during that freak thunderstorm years ago! permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 1 points 16 hours ago ︎ Hah, this IS TRUE. I swear to it with my hand on the HOLY BIBLE. ︎ This is EXACTLY what I found. ︎ I have a copy of it somewhere, and when I find it I'LL POST IT HERE @ PDW. ︎ ︎ The reason why I brought it up is it's unbelievable to us in 2025. But in 1946 or 1947 it was the "wild west" of nuclear power. ︎ I even gave a copy of this article to a lady I knew in NY state Gov't, as she was working on cleaning up the 1,000,000 gallons of highly radioactive waste tanks leaking at the abandoned Nuclear Fuel Services, Inc. / West Valley Demonstration Project Hazardous waste site. Billions of $$ of tax payer money was used to clean up most of this site: ︎ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Valley_Demonstration_Project ︎ permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 1 points 16 hours ago You claim to be an engineer I have both a B.S. & a M.S. in Engineering awarded by New York State Universities. ︎ Worked for years and years at the biggest, at the time, computer company in the whole wide World, plus various aerospace and nuclear companies. ︎ permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 15 hours ago Previously you said it was mostly automotive. permalink view 1 more comments... HelluvaEngineer 3 points 17 hours ago I was promised Mr. Fusion. permalink TenFeetHigher 2 points 17 hours ago Nuclear cars would still be electric. Just not battery as the source. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 16 hours ago Replace electric cars with real cars. permalink covok48 1 points 17 hours ago Car crashes would be WILD! permalink cd3dog 3 points 16 hours ago The definitive renewable. permalink Jeffersonian_Man 2 points 16 hours ago Pretty sure the BBB allows our new nuclear facilities to be up to like 60% foreign owned though. So these are probably Chinese projects. permalink JoePlumber 2 points 17 hours ago You would think my ura ium mining company stocks would be doing much better but nope. 🫤 permalink Klaus73 1 points 16 hours ago Weirdly enough my GMG graphene stocks have been doing gangbusters lately. permalink Sardogna 2 points 17 hours ago A little bit late but better late than never... permalink tlorsung 2 points 16 hours ago The more we use Nuclear power, A biproduct of using more and enhancement will discover anti-gravity elements for the next 1000's of years. permalink covok48 2 points 17 hours ago Takes 6-8 years to build a new plant. Politics can change a lot during that time. permalink Wooster97 2 points 17 hours ago So fucking what. Nuclear is the logical choice and someone needs the balls to get it rolling you wet fucking pussy. permalink covok48 -1 points 16 hours ago No point in investing in it if the next Democrat admin cancels it. You seem angry. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -4 points 16 hours ago There is no logic to pushing nuclear. permalink Maganifice7 3 points 16 hours ago You are a fucking retard. permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 17 hours ago Thorium reactors when? permalink HocusLocus 2 points 15 hours ago 2023, in China ( TMSR-LF1 ) they started in 2011 from 'borrowed' US research. US investors only interested in crap for decades. Might as well shut the stock market down and bow to our new overlords. permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 14 hours ago Looks like a dead-end from what I have read. I saw some articles about China doing something with it, but nothing innovational. I'd rather see a tokamak reactor. permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 11 hours ago No artificial suns lead to other weird shit and before you know it the ship Event Horizon is using artificial black hole jump drives permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Its just contained plasma. Not much different in theory than containing plasma in the cells of a plasma tv, or in a neon light. permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 10 hours ago SORCERER!!!! permalink Zacktopia33 2 points 17 hours ago So are there any nuclear cars yet? AI: "No, there are currently no commercially available nuclear-powered cars. While concepts like the Ford Nucleon were proposed in the 1950s, the technical challenges and safety concerns have prevented their development." permalink WowStrongWinning 1 points 17 hours ago Need to do research fast to make fusion efficient. That will be the true game changer. permalink HiddenDekuScrub 1 points 13 hours ago The more I think about it these days, the more I think fusion may be a dead end as a source of mass power, especially if the "Electric Universe" camp is right. Not saying it's impossible, just that it will continue to be inefficient for most applications. Fission simply provides far more power for less resources and effort. permalink Klaus73 1 points 16 hours ago Anyone close to breaking newtonian laws yet? permalink WowStrongWinning 1 points 15 hours ago Which law would need to be broken? permalink Klaus73 0 points 14 hours ago Depending on the fusion discussed the whole conservation of energy. I mean the fault is you have input energy and nuclear mass has to = output mass and motion and heat. The crux of the problem with it is that for those later two to be viable you need to get more then you put into it which doesn't even begin to address the concern of enthropy or a runaway reaction. permalink Balzer94 1 points 13 hours ago Can we just have clean coal please? I understand nuclear is safe in ideal conditions.. but I'm not sure we can assume decades of further peace these days. permalink Klown_Kutz 1 points 16 hours ago I love nukie. permalink Disinformation_Mnstr 1 points 16 hours ago Sadly, more than half going to California. permalink Aoikaze2000 1 points 16 hours ago Maybe now the power grid can actually support EVs? permalink BuenoDrake 1 points 15 hours ago Gotta get that AI to go brrrr...your electricity bills will still go up too lol permalink Dr_Eggman 1 points 17 hours ago This terrifies me because lsraeI controls our Congress through AlPAC bribery and Epstein extortion and our military through their hoax intel that we act on on without question. I can see this industry being weaponized against the 16 nations lsraeI is concurrently or planning wars with. permalink Uffda 1 points 14 hours ago If I remember correctly. Didn’t that sweet Hillary Clinton ok the sale of our uranium resources to Russia? permalink 783hz 1 points 17 hours ago Now that the billionaires need it for AI, cheaper energy for the schmos permalink 45ForEver2024 1 points 16 hours ago Clean Coal is the future. Back to the mines! permalink The_Green_Weenie 1 points 17 hours ago As much as I love the thought of nuclear, we are gonna get fucked paying for it. Georgia Power just built and new nuclear plant here in georgia and the tax payer paid for half up front. Now that it's built our cost per watt has doubled. So, yay, we get to pay for the rest of it. And then on too of that, our city council and mayor are trying to jack up our property taxes 20%. Supposedly to pay for the new prison. permalink ConvergenceMan 4 points 17 hours ago Slavery is back on the menu boys! permalink tomthung 4 points 17 hours ago We paid for one for 20 years but we didn't get any electricity from it, that went to another state! permalink The_Green_Weenie 2 points 17 hours ago Sounds about right. Lol permalink tomthung 1 points 16 hours ago I was friends with the deputy press secretary who became acting press secretary during one of the bankruptcies 40 years ago, and got a private tour of the facility in a golf cart type vehicle. It is the most amazing facility I have ever been in. permalink Maganifice7 3 points 16 hours ago You guys have rope in your state? Use it. permalink The_Green_Weenie 1 points 13 hours ago Yea. The locals are FUCKING PISSED! And of course the new mayor pull a Ronald Regan saying he wouldn't raise taxes. That lasted about 2 years. permalink KartoffelPuffer 3 points 16 hours ago Georgia property taxes are obscene. The millage rate in my town per sqft is higher than it is in many NE blue cities. permalink FeebleOldMan 2 points 13 hours ago Vogtle was 30b over budget too permalink 5DchessWatch 0 points 14 hours ago Run to FUSION and LENR Leave Fission in the past, but if you MUST, then do molten salt thorium reactors because safety is paramount permalink YouAreIgnorant 0 points 11 hours ago And when they leak and make a mess that can't be cleaned up? Because for sure they are not hiring the best or brightest to work the nightshift. permalink ConvergenceMan -10 points 17 hours ago Oh, that title. "Dominate the world" can also be read as "spread radioactive waste around the world" permalink you_know_GOAT 7 points 17 hours ago The new reactors are the cleanest in history. Very little byproduct that can't be used anymore. permalink ConvergenceMan -5 points 17 hours ago The Japanese thought that too permalink Wooster97 4 points 17 hours ago The Japanese thought it was a good idea to put a nuclear reactor on a beach dumbass permalink Jimmyprawns 6 points 17 hours ago If the green weenies had been able to keep their panties unbunched we would've had yucca mountain, long term storage dialed in by now. And the way they've relabeled spent fuel rods as 'radioactive waste' to purposefully evoke mental images of rusty 55gal drums leaking glow in the dark sludge. Low level stuff, like contaminated tools, and contaminated tyvek suits does get transported in drums. But that aint a liquid waste that can spill. And secondary containment in conex boxes is also required. Tanker trucks hauling propane are infinitely more dangerous. permalink mytummyhurts 5 points 17 hours ago only if you're retarded permalink HurtzLocker 4 points 17 hours ago Tell us you're susceptible to propaganda without telling us. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 16 hours ago Corporations have been dumping toxic fluoride into the water supply for decades, but would never dump toxic nuke waste. All industries deserve scrutiny. permalink ConvergenceMan -3 points 17 hours ago yawn You sound like belong on Reddit permalink covok48 3 points 17 hours ago The 80s are over bro. permalink Pluckyapricots 1 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1259 Glow, Baby Glow! U.S. Nuclear Industry Ready to Dominate the World (pjmedia.com) posted 17 hours ago by Trick 212 comments Glow, Baby Glow! U.S. Nuclear Industry Ready to Dominate the World Explore how the U.S. nuclear industry aims to reclaim its global dominance in energy production. pjmedia.com