1036 A Senior CIA officer for 30 years confirms the psychological operations they use overseas were turned against Donald Trump and the American People to keep Democrats in power posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 92 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 8h A Senior CIA officer for 30 years confirms the psychological operations they use overseas were turned against Donald Trump and the American People to keep Democrats in power “An intelligence agent, now retired, very senior. He looked me in the eye and said, the truth of the 92 comments EvilGreed209 91 points 8 hours ago He starts at 2016 but by 2013 they were already gaming you, Once they removed the Smith-Mundt act in 2013 1 year after obama's re-election he made it so they can put propaganda on the News and Airways to subvert you like an enemy country... We live in a total clown world now because nobody wants to put on their big boy pants and ask them real questions under oath, and because of that your lineage children, grandchildren will live a FUCKED up slave life soon. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 39 points 8 hours ago Came here for this comment. This is what made it all "legal." permalink VoiceInTheLight 29 points 8 hours ago And that is what needs to be revoked. Immediately. You can trace current societal issues directly back to that worthless fucking act. Things rapidly went down hill as soon as that passed. permalink HKgoneWild 12 points 7 hours ago Gonna need a lot of rope. Still, they'll raze this country to the ground before they take responsibility. permalink glow-operator-2-0 3 points 7 hours ago As long as there's a fight, it's something tangible to fight with. permalink bidensmissingbrain 2 points 7 hours ago Unfortunately, the toothpaste is out of the tube now. Good luck getting them (MSM) to follow along with any sort of reinstatement. permalink RedPillosopher1776 1 points 5 hours ago So just end them all. permalink IncredibleMrE1 24 points 8 hours ago The Arab Spring was largely organized on Facebook and Twitter. BLM was organized in a similar manner re: Trayvon Martin. Arab Spring was 2011-2012, Trayvon shooting was 2012. Once Smith-Mundt got axed, all bets were off. permalink seeyouinvalhalla 24 points 8 hours ago Oh yeah Trayvon was the first. CNN was pushing the “white hispanic” hard permalink Stolen 1 points 4 hours ago The Iphone, Twitter, and the faggots of Facebook and Google. The Soros Gates WEF world domination plan put in to play Now stinky Larry Fink of Black Rock leads the WEF. permalink TruthyBrat 1 points 3 hours ago Zimmerman not guilty in 2013, and right behind that there was Mike Brown in Ferguson, MO in 2014. They tried to make him the next one, after Trayvon. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 12 points 7 hours ago They had to repeal that if they were going to anoint Killary and rig everything to be believable. They did not count on MAGA and it ruined an entire global cabal’s plan to decimate humanity. permalink Fren20 7 points 7 hours ago I am still misunderstanding, .why who would benefit with this country going downhill, would the libs pack their shit and go if it got to hot. permalink NowTheyAllLose 27 points 7 hours ago We are the biggest roadblock to completely installing their one world government. We are their enemy. They are serving globalist interests, not American interests. That clear it up? permalink Mulletgunning 6 points 7 hours ago Bing-fucking-o! Time for a Crusade against all commies ,traitors and Bill Mitchells. MAGA AF permalink borisborscht 6 points 7 hours ago We are their enemy. They are trying to instill hopelessness in us. Ugly statues, bullshit schools, doing nothing to criminals but heavy fines on the law abiding, property confiscation... we are currently permalink Dr_Eggman 11 points 7 hours ago They refer to us as Amalek. They stopped Russia and then Germany because they were becoming a risk to their globalist agenda because they were too prosperous to control using their usury central banker debt slavers. They need to keep us weak for the same reason, along with everyone else... which is why they needed two world wars and forever wars to keep us fighting any other nation that becomes prosperous. They needed their Covid-19 bioweapon to wreck the world's economy for the same reasons (creating more central bank debt which gives them power over us). They hate us as much as they hate Jesus Christ. They hate our big cowboy hats because their hats are little. permalink Dangerous 7 points 7 hours ago They needed their Covid-19 bioweapon to wreck the world's economy for the same reasons (creating more central bank debt which gives them power over us). The largest transfer of wealth from poor to rich in world history was during Covid. What's frustrating about your comment is how true with ample evidence all around that it is, yet so many refuse to even entertain the notion permalink texas4ever 3 points 6 hours ago Yep. Price of everything went way up but salaries lagged way behind permalink Mulletgunning 2 points 7 hours ago Abso-fucking-lutely! 1,000,000 %. Those fucking coinclippers are asking for it. Can't leave out those Royals . And a special Fuck off for Fink and his ilk. MAGA AF permalink Lady_MaGa 2 points 7 hours ago I saw this on facebook. I'm not computer saavvy so I just wrote what someone else wrote. The ultimate goal is the forcible coordinations of all countries of the world: That shall be achieved by mixing the races with the goal to create a light brown race in Europe. For that reason, 1.5 million immigrants from the 3rd world shall migrate to Europe every year. The result would be a population of an average IQ of 90 so that is so dumb to grasp anything but intelligent enough to work. The European countries would be destroyed. Irrational people who will fight against this "mingling of races, and put up any resistance against the global world order, should BE KILLED." ... P.M. Barnett, director of the Israeli military consultancy. Wikistrat in his book The Pentagon New Map 2004///... Coming to America, and is already here, fuck it. permalink Rock9Head 1 points 7 hours ago They don’t love the country enough to do anything except whine. permalink rastren 2 points 7 hours ago I hear the Smith mundt argument all the time, but what about 9/11 where we flew planes into our own buildings and blamed it on some dude in a cave and managed to take out Israel's bigger rival at the time? Seems there's a lot of propaganda in that one permalink airborne3502 30 points 8 hours ago Intelligence agencies can do their thing all they want, but they never would have gotten anywhere without the complicit media. permalink NowTheyAllLose 20 points 7 hours ago You already said intelligence agencies once… lol Never heard of Operation Mockingbird? permalink RedPillosopher1776 1 points 5 hours ago They failed pretty hard. permalink logan34 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink Wrexxis780 22 points 8 hours ago Death penalty for those involved. permalink RedPillosopher1776 4 points 5 hours ago Too bad nobody that matters is ever held accountable, even the Trump administration wont touch the deep state traitors. permalink 27Sandino 2 points 1 hour ago Kevin clinesmith got probation or some shit But just you wait, they're going to hang the deep state for treason in about two weeks permalink knnbccb 20 points 8 hours ago JFK warned about these assholes. I'm sure he was shot because of that. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 12 points 7 hours ago The biggest mistake he ever made was giving them advance notice. That, and having lbj as a VP permalink Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 7 hours ago Never broadcast your plans to the enemy. permalink Skogin 2 points 6 hours ago public opinion has entered the chat permalink logan34 2 points 7 hours ago and charlie kirk is on their side he’s NOT america first permalink Datamancer 17 points 8 hours ago Yeah, almost started a civil war in the US. It is one thing to play those games with unarmed citizens, it is a whole different problem when the people shooting back are better than you. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 16 points 8 hours ago Anyone and everyone who refuses to rectify the situation is not only allowing it, but creating the potential for worse things to happen. Letting those crimes slide will lead to violence in a few year's time. It's an unsustainable political slippery slope, once is too many. permalink klunniclowns2 14 points 8 hours ago "he understood that the tactics of making something fake look real...” Well yeah, they've been playing that little game for a very long time already. permalink Throwawayanother1776 9 points 7 hours ago Remember the Maine! permalink RedPillosopher1776 1 points 4 hours ago E.g. support for the democrat party. permalink MAGA_NRG 11 points 8 hours ago It is known permalink IncredibleMrE1 10 points 8 hours ago John Solomon would know Tick Tock PS: Framing this on party lines is itself an attempt at psychological manipulation. permalink Throwawayanother1776 7 points 7 hours ago Given that there is only one party, yes. permalink BidenSniffsLittleKid 8 points 8 hours ago Which country is doing these psychological operations 🤔 permalink Yeti2 1 points 5 hours ago Careful with the noticing permalink Gunmolester 8 points 8 hours ago Imagine how big and strong MAGA would be without the deep state and others interfering permalink barwhack 6 points 8 hours ago CIA: cucking itself assunder The spelling is intentional. permalink perma-maga 5 points 7 hours ago We know. We've known for a decade. There needs to be prosecutions. permalink OldMule68 3 points 6 hours ago Exactly. We have known this since the beginning. We knew before he got elected in Nov 2016. We saw the psy ops rolled out in 2017 and watched as news anchors and IC people told bald faced lies. We stopped saying "I told you so" years ago. Because we were right then and we are right now. permalink USDMaga 5 points 7 hours ago The CIA falsified evidence against Trump, classified it so only their agents could see it to groom their own agents against Trump. Yes, they actually did this, made evidence that would never be public just to turn those with security clearance against Trump. permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 4 points 7 hours ago For real go read Manufacturing Consent by Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky, it talks all about these tactics and how the media is involved. permalink FatigueIsReal 4 points 7 hours ago The problem with those psychological operations is that they have a short lifespan. They don't work when applied for over 2-3 years. The COVID hysteria for instance. They knew it wasn't sustainable, but it got them through to January 2021. You can see almost real-time the hold on Americans' minds has loosened tremendously. permalink borisborscht 2 points 7 hours ago There are still true believers. I try to spare them my company at this time, it will do no good to talk politics, and they seem to have lost all other interests. Sports, cars, hobbies, nothing but politics. So I go on with my hobbies and things and leave them be. Nothing good will come of it until they snap out. permalink Throwawayanother1776 4 points 7 hours ago Duh permalink Helldiver 4 points 7 hours ago It was a color revolution. And the color was purple. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 1 points 7 hours ago Yes, purple. I still automatically distrust any politician wearing a purple tie. permalink YodaBannon 4 points 8 hours ago no shite permalink keeponwinning 4 points 7 hours ago No shit. Now how about some prosecutions. permalink Coprolite 4 points 7 hours ago Death to traitors. permalink ACActual 3 points 6 hours ago They brought the country down trying to keep Democrats in power permalink Rock9Head 3 points 7 hours ago Don’t forget the 81 million votes lie. permalink BobDolesBanana 3 points 7 hours ago Gee, I never noticed. 😑 permalink whataboob 3 points 5 hours ago One tactic is divide and conquer, and/or color revolution — and they’re always doing it. That’s why they keep talking about race — white vs black vs Indian vs Latino etc gender — men vs women vs them legal status — illegals vs Americans (and yes, they, the government and its masters, imported millions illegals for the census, for cheap labor, and so there even more division) socio economic status ( they mention this the least tho, cuz it’s dangerous) political party affiliation — red vs blue And once you notice it, you can’t stop. One thing you’ll notice that doesn’t exist on TV pretty much is the idea of Americans . The idea of unified Americans is never mentioned. United we stand, divided we fall. permalink AlexJonesIsRight 3 points 7 hours ago Finally I have a source to redpill my "fox" family permalink Mulletgunning 3 points 7 hours ago It started way before 2016. These Intel agencies were rogue as soon as they created them. Any spawn agency they created was and has been used to keep the establishment in power. They really amped it up with the Patriot Act and its been downhill since. We ARE NOT VOTING our way out of this sadly. Many know this but don't want to believe it. We can't continue without accountability for all worldwide. We can start here to try and inspire others but they don't have the pew pews like us. May God Bless us and America when the time comes. MAGA AF permalink Double_D 2 points 7 hours ago There was never any doubt permalink Apersonofinterest 2 points 7 hours ago Gosh. That sounds serious. Someone should go to jail right? permalink yodayoda 2 points 7 hours ago idiot patriotic republicunts supported the intelligence services for decades. permalink try4gain 2 points 8 hours ago source : trust me bro I hate stories like this (on any subject) permalink Pdjco658 2 points 7 hours ago they engaged in domestic regime change using soft power influence through organizations funded by USAID and laundered through a network of shell companies and cover "charity" groups. The CIA got in a lot of trouble by doing assassinations and car bombings and stuff like that so they had to find another way to overthrow foreign governments. They used propaganda and media to get the local population to do their dirty work aka color revolutions. They tried to do a color revolution again their own government. permalink MADASHELLNEWS 2 points 7 hours ago The smith mundt act stopped the CIA from using domestic propaganda on the American citizens aka the fake news and false flags. permalink CommieCucker 2 points 7 hours ago "On today's episode of, 'No Shit Sherlock,' we have a former spook..." permalink atomisten 1 points 3 hours ago yet there are no arrests and CIA isn't really reorganized. permalink General_Specific 1 points 2 hours ago The FBI is the big distraction- the fall guy. CIA is untouchable. The CIA used the FBI as their sock puppet and the FBI is BARELY changed since 2024 began. permalink atomisten 1 points 3 hours ago dude im so tired of all these conspiracies which everyone seems to be knowing as something soo obvious in the "upper elite" circles. and yet, here we are, all this talk talk talk, then more talk talk talk, and everything stays the same regarding this. i want arrests, or death sentences for treason. but there is nothing of the sort. permalink General_Specific 1 points 2 hours ago I have been saying the CIA was running psyops on us since 9/11. Sacrificed so many things in the process.. and here we are decades later and nothing changed but it got worse. permalink RedPillosopher1776 1 points 5 hours ago Guess we've overestimated those faggot traitors, or maybe they underestimated us. permalink infinitysupreme 1 points 7 hours ago He's probably right but he's also not a CIA officer permalink AgnesDomini 1 points 4 hours ago No surprise to anyone on this site! permalink cbonez416 1 points 11 minutes ago We all knew this was happening. America didn't fall for it SO..... They still needed to use COVID and election cheating!! (Stop the count) They fucked up royally!! They used COVID to steal all the elections around the world!! All our leaders need to be hung!! permalink MudDog 1 points 5 hours ago why admit to that, that shit didn't even work. they had to steal the election instead permalink Aut_MAGA_Aut_Nihil 1 points 7 hours ago Our intelligence agencies are apparently very stupid then. Their bullshit “psychological warfare” was obvious. But in their favor the majority of people are idiots so it kind of worked, barely, that plus all the cheating. permalink ACActual 2 points 6 hours ago Worked on half the country permalink shift99 1 points 4 hours ago Smith–Mundt Act permalink Dangerous 1 points 7 hours ago As if it only started against Trump and not 50 years ago with Vietnam/Nixon permalink NecturusMaculosus 1 points 7 hours ago Treason. permalink archdog99 1 points 4 hours ago In other news....water is wet. permalink Wozzing 1 points 60 minutes ago That crazy black congresswoman from California even stated it back in 2014 I think when she said that they were going to do that permalink Herpawinski 1 points 56 minutes ago Tracked down (not hard it was in Kirk's feed) full interview: The FBI officials KNEW they were out to entrap an innocent man when they went after General Flynn. They wrote that down in a memo. (!!!) 2nd biggie: Obama is safe because of immunity (we'll see), but the way to get him is to force him to testify. He can either commit perjury (and go to prison for that) or tarnish his reputation for doing something ten times worse than Watergate. The interview starts around the 2nd half of this video. Lot's of long advertising inserts, but it continues to the end. https://x.com/charliekirk11/status/1957834764670660754 permalink 37dwarves 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1036 A Senior CIA officer for 30 years confirms the psychological operations they use overseas were turned against Donald Trump and the American People to keep Democrats in power posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 92 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 8h A Senior CIA officer for 30 years confirms the psychological operations they use overseas were turned against Donald Trump and the American People to keep Democrats in power “An intelligence agent, now retired, very senior. He looked me in the eye and said, the truth of the