1281 Stephen Miller Calls Democrat Party an “Extremist Organization”, Says “Evil” Sanctuary City Mayors Still Defying ICE Detainers and “Now They Face Potential Criminal Charges for Harboring and Smuggling” (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 17 hours ago by Trick 62 comments IT'S HAPPENING: Stephen Miller Calls Democrat Party an "Extremist Organization", Says "Evil" Sanctuary City Mayors Still Defying... White House Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller went off on sanctuary city and state officials for their “evil” policies and called the Democratic Party an “extremist organization,” while signaling that lawless Democrats could now face criminal... www.thegatewaypundit.com 62 comments 12345SIX 27 points 17 hours ago Put them all in jail for a very long time. permalink maltese-poodle 24 points 16 hours ago "potential criminal charges" Either charge them or STFU. permalink Here_we_go 9 points 16 hours ago Now they will face criminal charges. In two..... permalink spezisacuckold 12 points 16 hours ago WEEKS fap fap fap permalink LokiHelmsdeep 5 points 16 hours ago Democrats are pedophiles? permalink 12345SIX 3 points 15 hours ago Not all pedophiles are democrats, but all democrats are pedophiles. permalink DonFlamenco 2 points 7 hours ago Jail all political enemies! permalink Aggrieved03 1 points 9 hours ago They will in just a couple more weeks. permalink I_Love_45-70_Gov 20 points 16 hours ago Love Miller; however, the first and only time in 45 years of driving I was caught speeding 45 in a 30 zone, I was instantly fined a $700, which turned into $3K over 5 years due to useless insurance. I faced jail time if I refused to pay up, but these fucking commie "representatives" break laws daily and face zero punishment. It's long past time to fuck all these commie traitorous pricks over and ignore all the laws they pass but ignore, but with zero repercussions. permalink One-Man_Riot 6 points 16 hours ago You are almost better off to shooting the cop dead, popping his trunk, taking the video, and driving off. permalink The-Harbinger 11 points 16 hours ago "may face," "could face," "considering charges..." I'm so sick of TGP's rage bait articles. I don't read articles like this anymore, and I'm not going to until the headlines say "arrested for..." or "convicted of..." Wake me up when it says that. Until then, I DGAF anymore. permalink TrumpRideorDie74 4 points 16 hours ago It's like calling a someone a racist. Overused terms lose potency. permalink DefineTheLine 11 points 16 hours ago Strongly worded Stephen. Im sure they are shaking and scared... permalink militantnationalist6 10 points 17 hours ago No more talk. Arrest and frog march them on national TV. permalink patrioticwinning3 9 points 16 hours ago "Yak Yak Yak..." that's all I've heard from this administration since they got in. Put up OR SHUT THE FUCK UP!!! ARRESTS NOW!!! permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 4 points 12 hours ago this. more criminal charges. it's one thing to ignore a detainer and just let the guy out at the regularly scheduled release times. it's entirely another thing to secretly transport the guy out and drop him off away from the jail and courthouse to help him evade being picked up by ICE. that's a felony. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 0 points 16 hours ago That's an absurd take. Trump 2.0 has done so many things in such a short amount of time the Democrat Party is completely lost and so is Fake News, Gavin Newscum is legit having a mental breakdown on X every single day. permalink RickFagnolia 3 points 14 hours ago We hear the same bullshit every time a new party is in power. The democrats are finished this time! Democrat president gets elected next cycle. The republican party is in shambles, they’ll never recover!! Republican gets elected. The democrat party is over for good this time!! Democrat president gets elected. The republcian party is finished! Republican president gets elected. You see how fucking stupid this all is? permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 1 hour ago No one said that after Biden was "Elected", no one said that after Trump 1.0 won, no one said that after Obama, no one said that after Bush Jr's 2 wins, no one said that after Clinton's 2 wins, no one said that after Bush 1's win. So you're just making up bullshit that isn't true. 🤷‍♂️ permalink RiffFantastic 3 points 16 hours ago Newsom’s PR team is running his X. I personally find it cringe, his supporters and gullible moderates are eating it up. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 16 hours ago Shut up cultist. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 0 points 15 hours ago 😆😆😆😭😂🤣😆 You're very obviously a Lefty faggot. How's that festering wound between your legs where your dick uses to be, faggot? permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink YodaBannon 7 points 17 hours ago follow the money permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 5 points 16 hours ago Potential..........smh permalink USPatriot45 5 points 17 hours ago This guy for president. We need a complete Nationalist who calls out marxism. permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink FromTheTopRope 5 points 16 hours ago Every single MAGA voter faces "potential criminal charges" in the next Democrat administration. How about some actual criminal charges? permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 4 points 16 hours ago Why is it always potential charges? permalink mty_green_go 4 points 16 hours ago Sternly worded news interview permalink KernalMustard 4 points 16 hours ago Stop talking, start doing. permalink pookiee68 3 points 16 hours ago That bitch in Boston better be perp walked real soon GOD DAM IT. permalink E-dantes 3 points 17 hours ago Oh no! Facing potential charges!?!?!? Wake we up when we start actually doing something other than talking tough on a news channel. permalink Hemlock81 3 points 16 hours ago Two more weeks permalink UnderHisWings 3 points 16 hours ago As the Democrat Party is led by representatives of Globalists, Communists, Islamists, Black Muslims, Hamas and other groups calling for violence against the US, shouldn't they be designated as a terrorist organization themselves? permalink MythArcana 3 points 17 hours ago Now we're on the right track. This is the path to gut that stinking den of Marxism. permalink You_know_Whews 2 points 16 hours ago Oh, wow. So profound. Jk, how does anyone get excited about this permalink BigGunky 2 points 15 hours ago "Potential criminal charges" So... strongly worded tweets/letters? permalink BigDaddyCoke22 2 points 17 hours ago Less talking more arresting permalink Pede 2 points 15 hours ago If I were to harbor or smuggle criminals, or name houses in two states as my primary residence, or mishandle classified documents, I'd be arrested in nothing flat and have to defend myself. Why do these elite douchebags require a long investigation before getting arrested? permalink RiffFantastic 2 points 16 hours ago Don’t martyr these faggots and give them any sort of street cred with their unhinged followers. Just continue to work around them and show how impotent they are. permalink Deathmelody 2 points 16 hours ago Always have been Stephen. astronaut meme permalink LokiHelmsdeep 2 points 16 hours ago Stephen Miller is fucking AWESOME!! Might be my #1 of Trump 2.0 Administration. permalink WhatsFappening 1 points 17 hours ago Do Wu. permalink jml1997 1 points 10 hours ago I'd look on that person's hard drive. permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 12 hours ago Why do they even listen to these mayors and judges on this shit? Once they deny the rule, walk into their office, slap on the cuffs. Why are we waiting? They are breaking the LAW. permalink Big-E 1 points 14 hours ago I want a two party system. MAGA republicans and libertarians. Ron Paul Libertarians. permalink AppalachianTactical 1 points 15 hours ago Tear the dem party apart and then destroy tue gop and then change thr name of thr operating party half way through this term. Officially change the name of the current party so its noyed in history as GOP* American First (and 2nd) Party. permalink Glenlaw 1 points 12 hours ago Two years ago, the Boston City Council tried to defund the Boston Police Department to the tune of $31 Million dollars in the Boston city Budget. Mayor Michelle Wu vetoed the attempt, telling the Council that she would not sign off on the budget until "every penny" of the defunding attempt was returned to the Police budget. The City Council tried to override her veto but was unsuccessful. Michelle Wu was singularly responsible for preventing the Boston Police Department from being defunded. She is running for re-election this November. The largest police union for the Boston Police gave her their complete and total endorsement almost immediately after she announced her re-election run. What other mayor of a Blue City has the endorsement of their cities police department??? Oh, and when POTUS removed the Kennedy Center Board of Trustees and put in his own Board, he put in Pam Blondie. Who else did he put in? Dana Blumberg the wife of billionaire Robert Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots and friend of POTUS, whose son Josh Kraft just happens to be running against Michelle Wu for mayor, backed by gobs of money. . Goodness what a coincidence. Wu is crushing him in the polls by 30% BTW and has over a 65% approval rating. And all this pro-Palestine from the river to the sea BS, why don't you hear any of that going on in the City of Boston? The reason is, because as soon as that sprung up in Boston for the first time, at Emerson college, Mayor Wu had the police go in and make multiple arrests. And anyone who put as much as a drop of paint on a statue in Boston was arrested. To quote mayor Wu's letter to Pam Blondie: "local police routinely cooperate with federal law enforcement on criminal matters." When Mayor Wu embarrassed those Republican congress members when she testified before Congress, with her Ash Wednesday ashes and her 6 week old baby on her arm, Mayor Wu cited multiple instances where City of Boston Police cooperated with Federal law enforcement as to criminal illegals. but when it comes to illegals who are working and law abiding and not engaging in criminal activity, it is the job of the Feds, not the Boston city police, to round them up. There is a State of Massachusetts law, not a City of Boston law, not a Mayor Wu law, that says that where someone's only infraction is that they are in the State illegally, where they are not otherwise engaging in criminal activity, that is treated as a criminal violation akin to a speeding ticket. The Feds want The Boston Police to affirmatively go after illegals who are working and not otherwise engaging in criminal activity. Boston Police do not obstruct Federal law enforcement when it comes to Feds efforts at rounding up illegals who are working and not committing crimes. No one in Boston Police or government is "impeding" Federal law enforcement. But the Massachusetts Supreme Court has ruled that the State and City police do not have to affirmatively assist the Feds in their enforcement of federal laws, and they don't. ICE calls its northeast region "Boston" Their region they call "Boston" includes the States of Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. That is all called "Boston" to them. Homan disingenuously claims that he "stopped counting at nine" the number of pedophiles who were the subject of ICE detainers who were let go in "Boston." Miller just disingenuously resurrected the case of the Haitian dude who was arrested 17 times and let go by "Boston," that they falsely allege was let go by "Boston" while there was a valid detainer request in place. That they then had to find and rearrest. Ask those two liars (Homan and Miller) of the nine pedophiles after which they stopped counting who were purportedly let go, how many were actually let go by the actual City of Boston. The answer, of course, is zero. Look it up. That Haitian dude who was let go that went viral on Youtube, that Miller resurrected, that dude was released by the City of Worcester Massachusetts. That's an hour west of the City of Boston. Look it up. The story is on Youtube, the Haitian dude was serving 18 months in Worcester Mass. And before they let him out the Worcester police called up ICE and asked ICE if they wanted to pick the dude up and ICE said they weren't going to. So Worcester let him out. This is on Youtube, the Worcester Chief of Police is on video saying this. So ICE effed up andHoman and now Miller are now trying to smear Mayor Wu. The CIty of Boston is not a sanctuary city. The mayor Wu is in favor of robust legal immigration and is against illegal immigration. She testified to Congress that illegal immigration is a criminal violation. But if people who are illegal come to your city and are hungry, what are you going to do? The Federal government under Joe Biden created this illegal immigrant crisis. The federal government under POTUS has the responsibility of fixing it. POTUS just gave Homan 17 billions, fix the problem. To compel Local police forces to affirmatively assist in going after illegals who are working and otherwise committing no crimes, will create big problems with the cops relationships to the communities. Boston is one of the safest big cities in the US. It has their lowest murder rate and the lowest crime rate in 50 years. Feds do your job. Mayor Wu is doing hers. If the dem clowns ever got their act together, (which they won't) they should look to mayor Wu instead of these other Communists and incompetents, for their National stage candidate. But they can't have her for at least the next four years, because she belongs to Boston. And PS: I'm a three time voter for President Trump. Five time counting primaries. I just don't like liars like Homan, and now Miller. permalink TrumpRideorDie74 1 points 16 hours ago "potential" 🙄 permalink BidensfullAFdiaper 1 points 14 hours ago How about fucking predawn raids with televised arrests and peep walks. Then explain afterward wtf DID happen vs what pOtEnTiAlLy could happen. permalink phasers_set_to_dumb 1 points 16 hours ago I think ICE defiance is the least of their worries for most of these goofs. Which explains why they won't/can't surrender. Especially Pritzker, who hails from a family of goblins. permalink Easzq8 1 points 10 hours ago Stephen Miller; cohencidence, levitator, judahn straight, ashertain information, Ruben telling fibs, zubulove u long time, major danage, issachar accident, gad to catch them all, joseph mah broseph, Benjamin’ to reggae. Right guyzzzzz? permalink Big_dick_cheney 1 points 12 hours ago Fucking do it permalink Lulzokbro 1 points 12 hours ago TWO MORE WEEKS permalink Tacitus1963 1 points 11 hours ago I'm so sick of this type of rhetoric. Lawless Dems could now face criminal charges. WTAF? Look at what the Demtards did illegally for 4 years after they stole the 2020 election? Do you honestly think they would be pondering, considering, researching, blah blah blah?! Of course, not! They would have already done it. The same with the DOJ "considering" having inspectors at all truck weigh-in stations. Just do it FFS! permalink spentcoffee 0 points 17 hours ago potential lol could happen! permalink KernalMustard 1 points 16 hours ago Or not. Hell could freeze over permalink spentcoffee 1 points 16 hours ago honestly more likely permalink PatriotSkorzeny 0 points 17 hours ago Take that energy and apply it to the BP. The BP uniform reeks of treason. Letting the enemy in for coin. permalink bleeje -1 points 17 hours ago He's one of the few guys that are actually putting in the work in this organization. I don't think the Trump Admin besides this guy recognizes how desperate the people who voted for him are for better jobs, more jobs, and reducing inflation. The others need to step it up asap. 2025 just has a few more months left. Come 2026, no one will vote for them if they keep allowing in H1Bs and crazy levels of inflation. permalink 45euphorichawk 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink 1281 Stephen Miller Calls Democrat Party an “Extremist Organization”, Says “Evil” Sanctuary City Mayors Still Defying ICE Detainers and “Now They Face Potential Criminal Charges for Harboring and Smuggling” (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 17 hours ago by Trick 62 comments IT'S HAPPENING: Stephen Miller Calls Democrat Party an "Extremist Organization", Says "Evil" Sanctuary City Mayors Still Defying... White House Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller went off on sanctuary city and state officials for their “evil” policies and called the Democratic Party an “extremist organization,” while signaling that lawless Democrats could now face criminal... www.thegatewaypundit.com