1522 🚨 UPDATE: Hillary Clinton now faces an ethics complaint from a government watchdog group, and she stands to have her law license revoked due to her involvement in the Trump-Russia Collusion posted 13 hours ago by LightBeacons 139 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 13h 🚨 UPDATE: Hillary Clinton now faces an ethics complaint from a government watchdog group, and she stands to have her law license revoked due to her involvement in the Trump-Russia Collusion Treasonous Conspiracy. What goes around comes around. 139 comments Jsmitty112 108 points 13 hours ago My God this made my day. Losing her law license is so much better than her going to jail!!! 😒 permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 56 points 13 hours ago I know, right! She's going to have such a hard time finding work as a practicing attorney now!!! permalink HOSEQ 31 points 13 hours ago They had her License on Suspension for 17 Years, an gave it back in '24.... She should have been Disbarred for the stupid shit she pulled with Stealing Documents during the Watergate Investigations... permalink WhitePowerRanger 13 points 12 hours ago She should have been disbarred when she let a rapist go free and laughed in the victims face permalink Vag2024 6 points 10 hours ago Well bill Clinton IS a rapist Infowars dot com permalink ohpleaseuhhelpame 6 points 12 hours ago She doesn't need to work... permalink Cheesemaker 15 points 12 hours ago That's the joke. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 6 points 11 hours ago How will she pay her bills?! Won't somebody think of her daughter's wedding. permalink KattWilliams2024 3 points 12 hours ago Don’t worry. She can still teach law. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 10 hours ago Or assasination permalink Throwawayanother1776 2 points 7 hours ago C'mon Jack, everybody knows a thousand people that have committed suicide. permalink maltese-poodle 14 points 12 hours ago Trump said TEN YEARS AGO that he would “lock her up”. Still hasn’t happened. Promises made…promises BROKEN!!!!!!!! permalink SaltyTitties4 9 points 12 hours ago THIS Once he got into office, we never once heard anything about “Lock her up!” again. permalink chickeninoven 4 points 10 hours ago "That plays well before an election, but now we don't care about it, right?" -- Trump, December 2016, to crowd chanting "LOCK HER UP!" permalink DeepStateParasite 9 points 12 hours ago Yeah, as a corrupt coup-participant once said: "What difference, at this point, does it make if it's not a noose around my treasonous neck?' permalink HockeyMom4Trump 8 points 11 hours ago Yep. Wow! Old retired lady loses her law license. Whoopie. Martha Stewart went to jail. permalink Hawksendoom 2 points 10 hours ago I love you so much yes Hockeymom! wesley snipes! the taxes! permalink yodayoda 4 points 11 hours ago it's not even that. it's just a complaint from a watchdog group. permalink War_Hamster 27 points 13 hours ago Does she even have an active law license? The last time she practiced law she was getting kicked off the Watergate Investigation for her lack of ethics. permalink 5DchessWatch 6 points 10 hours ago Jerry Zeifman, who was the general counsel and chief of staff to the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation, accused Hillary Clinton (then Hillary Rodham) of confiscating public documents because he claimed she removed files related to the Douglas case to her secured office, making them inaccessible to the public. According to Zeifman, this action was part of an effort to support a fraudulent legal brief arguing that President Nixon had no right to legal counsel during impeachment proceedings, despite precedent established in the Douglas case. He alleged that her actions were intended to undermine Nixon’s defense and obstruct the investigation. Zeifman reportedly fired her for these reasons and later expressed regret for not reporting her to bar associations. However, these claims have not been independently confirmed. source BRAVE AI permalink Prandogolio 20 points 13 hours ago 🚨 OH SHIT UPDATE!! THEY UPDATIN ON THE COMPLAININ OH SHIT EVERYBODY 🚨 permalink LightBeacons OP 4 points 13 hours ago do not underestimate this Queen of Reptiles. Maybe little by little is the best way to take her down. she will not go easily. Just sayin' permalink KekistanPM 6 points 12 hours ago If I were in that government watchdog group, I'd make sure my personal affairs were in order. permalink RentedMule 4 points 12 hours ago You could be right. I'd love to see her behind bars, or better yet, on the gallows. But a punishment of a death by a thousand cuts would be satisfying to see as well. Let's just hope this is the first of many cuts. permalink goodtimebox 13 points 13 hours ago I've read and seen a lot of videos about Hillary and know one thing for certain. She's a cunt. permalink ohwell316 6 points 13 hours ago Laughing about the rapist says enough by itself permalink Mortal_Wombat 2 points 12 hours ago A cunt with a cloaca. permalink buckeyeminuteman 9 points 12 hours ago She hasn’t practiced law since at least the early 80s. This is worthless. I wanted her in prison during Trump’s first term. permalink KernalMustard 2 points 9 hours ago You will never see it. She is royalty to all the government goons. permalink ShitFromShinola 8 points 12 hours ago What a fucking joke. Let's see....she's 78 years old, a professor at Columbia University, a multi-millionaire and hasn't represented a client in the courtroom in decades. Why would she give a shit about her law license? . permalink B-2StealthTrump 6 points 12 hours ago Holy shit. An ETHICS complaint?!?!?! Finally, the justice we’ve been seeking! 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 permalink Systemfree1632 5 points 10 hours ago Strip Clinton of her unearned respect, wealth and dignity then jail her for the rest of her days . permalink iamstadter 5 points 12 hours ago She doesn't need a law license as she only practices lawlessness. permalink UncleTrumpsBand 5 points 13 hours ago 2 weeks permalink RiolindasReturn 5 points 13 hours ago Good grief. This is such a joke. permalink neosin 4 points 13 hours ago That's all? She needs a firing squad ASAP permalink me-no-likely3 4 points 12 hours ago Lock her up! permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 4 points 13 hours ago WTAF?! A complaint. That's it? Ten years of one massive humiliation ritual. permalink mass55th 4 points 12 hours ago Big deal. She doesn't even practice law. Her law license to practice law in Arkansas was suspended in 2002 due to failure to complete continuing education requirements. It was reinstated in 2019. Her hubby had his Arkansas law license suspended for five years...whoop de doo doo!! permalink I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 11 hours ago The commie cunt is years past practicing law. 10/10 she still has an active TS/SCI security clearance, which is unheard of for anyone but these DeepState assfucks. permalink Pissonit 3 points 13 hours ago LIZARD...... permalink me-no-likely3 2 points 12 hours ago CUNT! permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 12 hours ago You mean cloaca. permalink redneckrevival 3 points 12 hours ago Another nothing burger. Put her ass in JAIL! permalink JP1776Lover 3 points 9 hours ago Such a far cry from First Lady President, this slow death is starting to make me happy. Pile things on one at a time till she's stripped of all her fake dignity and piety permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 9 hours ago Like how suspected witches were dealt with circa 1640. Pressing by piling on rocks one at a time. permalink explodejoystick 3 points 12 hours ago "Oh no! Not my law license!" --77 year old millionaire permalink MrMcGreenGenes 3 points 13 hours ago Nothing but prison will suffice. permalink flashersenpai 3 points 13 hours ago Third Eric Daugherty pin today btw ericDaugherty.win permalink KernalMustard 1 points 9 hours ago Look at post count. Under 2k comment 200k post count. Engagement farmer. I suspect its eric himself. permalink 5DchessWatch 3 points 10 hours ago This bitch hasn't practiced law in over 30 yrs. She's going to be like oh boo hoo, I'm still going to have people murdered and this won't stop me, fools! permalink SquirreleeDan 2 points 11 hours ago hillary has got to live a great ass life while I've got to suffer, that's a fact that will never change... it's to late for justice, she lived the life she wanted, a royal powerful one, it's just simply to late, she literally won. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 9 hours ago Excatly. My friends widow is the same. Got everything she wanted. Didnt have to lift a damn finger. She got half of my blood sweat and tears. It wasnt enough. She wanted it all. They always win because no one says no to them. No one will punish them for the evil they have done. They will die unpunished. permalink patriotplus 2 points 12 hours ago she is shaking in her pant suit....not permalink Kiwipede22 2 points 10 hours ago Hillary Clinton is a complete nutter. How the hell she ever got her hands on the levers of power is beyond me. And certainly those who allowed it to happen are just as culpable. permalink yurimodin 2 points 12 hours ago Boy that will teach her. permalink Choppermagic 2 points 12 hours ago The bar associations are all liberal commies. They only revoke law licenses of conservatives permalink halfstep 2 points 9 hours ago Who cares about her law license permalink Rimbus_Reynolds 2 points 9 hours ago Lol permalink RealTXPatriot 2 points 9 hours ago So? permalink JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 12 hours ago Totes gonna ruin her career, you guys. When was the last time she won big money from a court case? permalink DJTLandSlide2020 2 points 12 hours ago This is the coont that survived the Salem Whitch trials and haunts us every single day. permalink ShitFromShinola 1 points 12 hours ago " Salem Which trials " Just how stupid are you??? permalink LWGII 2 points 12 hours ago Witch poster are you talking about? permalink ShitFromShinola 1 points 12 hours ago To his credit, he did spell "cunt" right.... permalink DJTLandSlide2020 1 points 11 hours ago Autocorrect was being stupid … don’t care what you think. But it’s corrected now - and coont is misspelled. permalink ShitFromShinola 1 points 10 hours ago " Salem Whitch trials " Hahahahahahaha..... what complete fucking moron. It's W-I-T-C-H; Witch. you are obviously too fucking stupid to post here. Why not go back to Reddit with the rest of your Special Ed class, you dumb motherfucker? permalink thehumbleme 2 points 13 hours ago Oh no, not her law license! This is fucking stupid. She’s not in jail. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 12 hours ago How does this harpy still have a law license in the first place?? permalink MakinBacon 2 points 11 hours ago ohhhhhhhh......nooooooooo, she will have to close her thriving law office. permalink Antenna 2 points 10 hours ago 'cause you'd be in jail. permalink JR_Butterbean 2 points 9 hours ago What difference, at this point, does it make? permalink Lulzokbro 2 points 12 hours ago So....nothing permalink patriotplus 2 points 12 hours ago Fuck that. I want prison bars, not lawyer bars permalink MaBaker 2 points 10 hours ago License revoke...wow! Could that slap on her wrist be lighter? permalink Gunmolester 2 points 11 hours ago she doesnt need it anyway...she has millions of dollars and for some reason wont just go away and enjoy her old age and retire...even Bill is over it permalink ltbadpuppy 2 points 11 hours ago Thank god! We're preventing her from practicing law like she hasn't since she was secretary. permalink MJPalazzolo 1 points 11 hours ago At her age, I doubt she gives a shit. permalink meanwhileinamerica 1 points 11 hours ago Nothing but talk permalink Throwawayanother1776 1 points 7 hours ago Does the suicide hotline take group orders? permalink BitterRoots 1 points 11 hours ago Does the source have a source? permalink SneakyWino 1 points 12 hours ago She's dead. permalink Whozat 1 points 11 hours ago Big freaking deal. permalink TeeRoyAL 1 points 12 hours ago she really renews her law license every year ? odd permalink spezisacuckold 1 points 11 hours ago Spoiler: NOTHING WILL HAPPEN LIKE ALWAYS permalink 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 7 hours ago Do you have any idea how many 'government watchdog groups' have filed ethics complaints against Killary? There have been hundreds of complaints, if not thousands. Total hopium nothingburger. permalink S810 1 points 11 hours ago spell it with me: P - R - I - S - O - N - T - I - M - E !!!! nothing else will do. the bitch hasnt practiced law since Watergate permalink Conspiracytheorist 1 points 10 hours ago She needs her life revoked permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 12 hours ago Two weeks permalink InfinitesimalOrange 1 points 11 hours ago I mean, I still believe she should be in jail for thirty dozen other things including a subpoena to deliver her server which she took as a polite request and decided to destroy all the evidence. Fuck all the evidence is gone, how are we going to arrest her??? permalink LlamasRevenge2004 1 points 10 hours ago Literally nothing matters about this witch unless she's behind bars or hanging from a rope. Otherwise don't even bother talking about it, no one gives a sht permalink OldZilla 1 points 12 hours ago Leave it the lawyers to clutch their pearls when everything is quite evident permalink billybaldwin2 1 points 11 hours ago That's a really good photo of old Hillary. permalink RepeatHistory 1 points 11 hours ago Lock her up! permalink Protonboy 1 points 7 hours ago How's her security clearance? permalink JoeMcCarthyWasRight 1 points 12 hours ago Both mean absolutely nothing. permalink MEME-SUPREME 1 points 12 hours ago Lock her up! permalink Rock9Head 1 points 7 hours ago WTF! That bitch still has a law license? permalink Liberats 1 points 3 hours ago It's just the start of the attrition against her. Slow and painful. permalink Owmyballz 1 points 7 hours ago Take her credentials from her hag hands. Humiliate her publicly. Destroy her reputation. Send her to her grave disgraced worse than Nixon. Let her die knowing every fetid plot she released upon the world is exposed. permalink havax 1 points 12 hours ago Fuck this piddly shit, throw this fucking bitch in prison, NOW! permalink SaltyTitties4 1 points 12 hours ago Is this Cruella de Ville still alive?? permalink Mulletgunning 1 points 12 hours ago Satan's laughing! This is NOT accountability. This is not even a slap on the wrist. Have they pulled her security clearance? This side of beef cankled cunt deserves the woodchippers execution in public minimum. MAGA AF permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 12 hours ago Also ask why she wears a crucifix on a chain around her neck, with the crucifix upside down. We all know why, she is just like hillary an EVIL DEMON. Fuck the clintons. permalink Hvacguy 1 points 9 hours ago Didn't she loose her law license over the shady stuff she did during the Nixon era? permalink 45-MAGANUM 1 points 6 hours ago A complaint? Oh god she fucked permalink AssPhixEAtion627 1 points 9 hours ago Have her last breath revoked is the more appropriate way to deal with this treasonous skag permalink destroyer713 1 points 13 hours ago Could we get her on the Rose Law Firm nonsense too? "Anyone can make money on cattle futures..." permalink reeseangle 1 points 7 hours ago Bitch rapped and skinned a girl alive. Yet she still walks around freely. permalink SurveilThis 1 points 6 hours ago As long as we get some type of credible humiliation ritual I will consider that settled. That way we have Bill’s legacy stain from the blue dress stain, matched with Hilldawg’s legacy violation from her Constitutional violation. Better than we were with Barr’s Durham Dance and the old Whitewater Whitewash. Give Obama the same legacy enema. Then prosecute Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Yates, Orr couple, McCabe, Naker, Haspell, etc. Watergate saw 48 pleas & guilty verdicts. We need to eclipse that number. permalink HoodooOperator 1 points 11 hours ago Yawn permalink Formerlurker92 1 points 12 hours ago She deserves a lot more than a slap on the wrist permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 12 hours ago Wait she still has her law license? permalink PissOffPatriot 1 points 9 hours ago Just 2 more weeks and we will see some arrests! permalink BigDaddyBigTrump 1 points 11 hours ago August 20th, 2025, and we're still doing this to ourselves. When she's in cuffs, let me know. permalink Aggrieved03 1 points 9 hours ago Not her law license! permalink ragnarokrobo 1 points 12 hours ago Woweee a complaint!! permalink MemeWarsVet 1 points 11 hours ago OH NOES! MUH ETHICS COMPLAINT! Fuck all this noise. permalink GreyKnight 1 points 12 hours ago The whole Clinton Foundation is a corrupt money laundering scheme… permalink Chickensaurus 1 points 11 hours ago "Stands to" = "Won't" permalink KennyUS 1 points 6 hours ago Oh boy....revoke a license that hasn't been used in 35 years...that will show her she can't violate the constitution or break other laws. Yaaay permalink Siteless_Vagrant 1 points 9 hours ago Does she even use it? Talk about a slap on the wrist. permalink AmericanForever 1 points 12 hours ago They want to pretend they are giving onlookers justice they want by taking away shit that doesn’t matter instead of the punishment she deserves. permalink AntiCommie89 1 points 8 hours ago Kill this b####!!!! permalink 45-MAGANUM 1 points 10 hours ago This feels like the buggest nothing I've ever heard. OooOoo so she can't practice law....woww permalink kevlar2020 1 points 7 hours ago Oh no, not her law license!!! What a joke, that is insulting. What about her freedom being taken away? That’s the going around, coming around I’m looking for. That evil bitch needs to rot away in a 5’x 8’ cell. permalink Raetchel 1 points 7 hours ago that'll teach her permalink Spacemonkey 1 points 11 hours ago Oh no not her law license. What ever shall she do? I want treason trials and public hangings to be a thing. Is that too much to ask? permalink TEXinLA 1 points 12 hours ago NOW DO PENCILNECK SHIFTEE permalink TrumpSycophant 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 1522 🚨 UPDATE: Hillary Clinton now faces an ethics complaint from a government watchdog group, and she stands to have her law license revoked due to her involvement in the Trump-Russia Collusion posted 13 hours ago by LightBeacons 139 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 13h 🚨 UPDATE: Hillary Clinton now faces an ethics complaint from a government watchdog group, and she stands to have her law license revoked due to her involvement in the Trump-Russia Collusion Treasonous Conspiracy. What goes around comes around.