South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Sci-tech South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 08:45:16 chinadaily.com.cn Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download The State of South Australia is expected to carry forward relations with China after cultivating a robust and enduring relationship with Chinese localities that spans several decades, according to a symposium. The establishment of trade and investment offices in key Chinese cities such as Shanghai, Jinan, and Guangzhou stands as a testament to this ongoing engagement. A cornerstone of this partnership is the sister-state relationship with Shandong province, which has been maintained for more than 30 years, fostering mutual understanding and cooperation across a wide range of sectors. At a symposium in the state capital of Adelaide on Aug 19, He Jiangchuan, deputy consul-general of the People's Republic of China in South Australia, said now is the right time to move the China-South Australia relationship "forward and for the better". Speaking on behalf of Consul-General Li Dong, who was in Beijing, He said that China and South Australia enjoy "highly complementary economies with a solid foundation already established for industrial and market integration". China is South Australia's biggest trading partner, with the latter's wine, lobsters, and barley highly sought after in China. According to state data, South Australia's exports to China rose by 12 percent to A$4 billion ($2.57 billion) in the year to February 2025. The symposium — organized by the University of South Australia's Centre for Enterprise Dynamics in Global Economies, in collaboration with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in South Australia — examined the state's relationship with China. He said that there are "great possibilities" for China and South Australia to launch pilot projects in key areas such as hydrogen energy, power storage, green agriculture, and prefab buildings. "These initiatives will inject positive momentum into Asia-Pacific regional cooperation and global sustainable development, while providing greater certainty and stability," He said. He added that new achievements in Chinese-style modernization "will provide new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Australia". The deputy consul-general said that international trade and investment are mutually beneficial and lead to win-win results, adding that reciprocal tariffs imposed by the United States on all its trading partners are the most disruptive global trade measure in nearly 80 years. In a report released on July 22, the International Monetary Fund noted that the US' imposition of tariffs will reduce global demand in the short term and result in higher import prices and further intensify inflationary pressures. He warned that tariffs have the potential of causing "long-term damage to the global economy". "China and Australia are trading nations," the deputy consul-general said. "We should jointly oppose unilateralism, protectionism, and maintain the international trade order and the stability of the global industrial chain and supply chain, thereby injecting more certainty and stability into the world economy." He said practical cooperation between China and Australia "is gaining momentum". "China and South Australia have laid a solid foundation for cooperation and achieved fruitful outcomes in aspects such as resources complementarity, industrial energy, people-to-people exchanges, and technological collaboration." Speaking on Australia's role in the region, Professor Ying Zhu from the University of South Australia's business school said Australia finds itself at a significant juncture in the Asia-Pacific. It comes at a time when shifts in security, trade, and environmental frameworks are redefining the regional landscape. "As a middle power, Australia may not possess the largest capabilities, yet it has the ability to influence outcomes through extensive networks, established credibility, and principled leadership," he said. Zhu said the challenge ahead for Australia is to "reposition the nation so it can safeguard its own security, expand prosperity, and strengthen the regional structure that fosters peace and opportunity for all". A considerable body of scholarship and policy analysis positions Australia as a quintessential middle power. This status is characterized by a blend of capability, credibility, and connection such as diplomatic reach and multilateral engagement. "Australia has the opportunity to sustain ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) centrality, invest in crisis prevention, and strengthen regional governance. Although the security architecture of the region is becoming more collaborative, it remains complex, challenged by maritime disputes, cyber threats, disaster relief coordination, and climate-related risks," Zhu said. Zhu added that Australia boasts a large, advanced economy which is deeply interconnected with Asian markets. While China remains a significant partner, Australia is diversifying its ties through mechanisms such as the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership, and with nations and regions such as Japan, South Korea, India, and Southeast Asia. More Photo Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Top news China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang High-quality development track heralds prosperous, harmonious future for Xizang More Video 'King of Asia' tightrope walking attracts 20 top athletes from 10 countries Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]