China news, features, photos and videos | Ecns.cn 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting Xizang representatives Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday urged concerted efforts to write a splendid chapter of Chinese modernization in Xizang Autonomous Region when he met with representatives from all ethnic groups and all walks of life in the plateau region. Headlines Xizang writes new chapter in development V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to combat terrorism Think tank reports expound on South China Sea truths PV industry gets ready for next phase Stressed-out adults turn to pacifiers for anxiety relief LINE Politics Economy Society Odd Military Sci-tech Culture Sports Panda Xi attends grand gathering to celebrate Xizang Autonomous Region's 60th founding anniversary Aug 21,2025 China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development Aug 21,2025 At the sixth China-Afghanistan-Pakistan Trilateral Foreign Ministers' Dialogue, held in Kabul on Wednesday, the three nations reaffirmed their commitment to enhancing cooperation across all fields to promote regional peace, stability and shared prosperity. External forces orchestrator promoting 'militarization' of South China Sea region: report Aug 21,2025 The interference of extra-regional powers, particularly the United States, has significantly intensified the militarization of the South China Sea, says a report released on Thursday. U.S. lie-monger fabricating falsehoods to smear China on South China Sea issue: report Aug 21,2025 The United States has played the disgraceful role of a sheer lie-monger on the South China Sea issue, according to a report released on Thursday. Extra-regional forces disrupt peace, stability, development in South China Sea: report Aug 21,2025 Extra-regional forces, with the United States at the forefront, are disrupting peace, stability, and the development environment in the South China Sea region, according to a report released on Thursday. Think tank reports expound on truths about South China Sea Aug 21,2025 A series of think tank reports released Thursday expound on the historical and legal basis of China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights in the South China Sea, reveal the truth about external forces interfering in the South China Sea issue, and construe China's actions in building the South China Sea into a sea of peace, friendship and cooperation. More Country's green drive offers lessons for urbanization globallys case Aug 21,2025 China's rapid advancements in sustainable urban development offer valuable lessons for other rapidly urbanizing regions, particularly Southeast Asia and Africa, and even developed countries seeking to enhance their green building practices, according to the World Resources Institute. EconoScope | China's major ports see strong gains amid rising 'new trio' shipments Aug 21,2025 Despite global trade headwinds, China's major ports posted strong first-half gains, fueled by booming exports of electric vehicles, lithium batteries, and solar cells. Xizang sees surge of per-capita disposable income Aug 21,2025 In 2024, the per capita disposable income of urban residents in China's Xizang Autonomous Region reached 55,444 yuan, while rural residents' per capita disposable income reached 21,578 yuan. The average annual growth rates of the incomes were 8.5 percent and 9.4 percent respectively. Xizang's regional GDP reaches 276.5 billion yuan in 2024 Aug 21,2025 The regional gross domestic product (GDP) of China's Xizang Autonomous Region hit 276.5 billion yuan in 2024, 154 times that of 1965, reaching an average annual growth rate of 8.9 percent. Xizang writes new chapter in development Aug 21,2025 The founding of the Xizang autonomous region in September 1965 marked the beginning of a new chapter in the region's history, as people of all ethnic groups in Xizang embarked on the path of socialist construction and development together with the rest of the country. Students from BRI countries account for majority of Tsinghua University's international freshmen Aug 20,2025 Tsinghua University welcomed around 4,000 freshmen for its 2025 undergraduates on Wednesday, with international students from Belt and Road partner countries accounting for the largest share of overseas enrollees. More Family doctors boost medical care access Aug 21,2025 China plans to boost convenient access to medicines used to treat chronic diseases and bolster door-to-door healthcare services for the elderly through its family doctor contract service systems, according to a notice released this week. Shanghai hospital and a local enterprise donate patented medical device to Pakistan Aug 21,2025 A signing ceremony for the transfer of a patent related to a type of radial artery hemostasis device was held at Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated with Fudan University in Shanghai on Wednesday, with a local company donating 200,000 yuan ($27,870) worth of such devices to the Punjab Institute of Cardiology in Pakistan. Shuttle goes extra mile to help disabled boy Aug 21,2025 This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45) and the World Anti-Fascist War.China also established the UN Peace and Development Trust Fund for projects to train and guarantee peace in Africa by disbursing more than $11 million for various training initiatives across Africa. China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation Aug 21,2025 Deep in the misty mountains of southwest China's Sichuan Province, the annual encounter count of 185 giant pandas in field monitoring signals a remarkable success in the country's drive to establish the world's largest national park system. China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief Aug 21,2025 China's central bank has added 100 billion yuan (about $14 billion) to its agricultural and small business relending quota to support flood control and disaster relief and post-disaster reconstruction, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) said on Tuesday. Rescue teams clear silt in Xinglongshan Village, Gansu Province, northwest China, August 10, 2025. President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang Aug 21,2025 On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, he extended sincere greetings and heartfelt wishes to the people of all ethnic groups in Xizang.Xi led a central delegation arriving in the regional capital, Lhasa, earlier in the day in order to attend activities marking the 60th anniversary of the founding of the region. More Elderly crowding a KFC in E China's Shandong to escape heat sparks online discussion Jul 21,2025 A video clip showing several elderly people occupying seats at a KFC restaurant in Liaocheng, East China's Shandong Province, has sparked heated online discussions. Some netizens noted that while the elderly seeking relief from the heat is understandable during hot weather, the restaurant is a place of business and is not obligated to provide such services. A taste of history Jun 25,2025 In the home of 36-year-old Zou Minglei in Wuhan, Hubei province, you'll find some of China's most cherished museum artifacts — not originals, but remarkably lifelike reproductions made of cake and chocolate. 5,000-year-old tree a 'living relic' Jun 18,2025 An ancient tree in Shaanxi province is no longer a lonely watcher; it now participates in modern people's lives. Endangered orchid species rediscovered in China's Guangxi Nov 19,2024 A rare and endangered orchid species -- Hairy Lady’s Slipper was found again at Huaping National Nature Reserve in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, according to local Forestry Bureau. Ningxia launches new pet flight service Oct 18,2024 A chartered flight for pets landed in Zhongwei, Ningxia Hui autonomous region, on Oct. 16, inaugurating a new service model for the local airport. Generation Z in China turns to stones as trendy new pets Sep 14,2024 The latest pet craze sweeping the younger generation in China is different from what people expected, as stones become the beloved companions of the Generation Z. More External forces orchestrator promoting 'militarization' of South China Sea region: report Aug 21,2025 The interference of extra-regional powers, particularly the United States, has significantly intensified the militarization of the South China Sea, says a report released on Thursday. V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons Aug 21,2025 A number of the Chinese military's advanced weapons are set to be unveiled at the upcoming V-Day parade on Sept 3, representing the latest achievements in the armed forces' modernization efforts, according to a senior military official. China to hold press conference on military parade preparations Aug 18,2025 Two senior military officials, Wu Zeke and Xu Guizhong, will present details on the parade arrangements and address questions from the press. 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Aug 15,2025 Despite his hearing loss and unsteady legs, Wang Yonglao, the 98-year-old veteran, still spoke vividly when recalling the wartime stories decades ago. China's defense minister reiterates PLA's readiness for national reunification Aug 01,2025 The Ministry of National Defense hosts a reception at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, July 31, 2025.On September 3, China will hold a military paradein Beijing's Tiananmen Square to celebrate the anniversary of victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression and the World Anti-Fascist War. Israel evacuates diplomatic staff in UAE over alleged attack risk Aug 01,2025 Israel has evacuated most of its diplomatic mission staff from the United Arab Emirates after its National Security Council (NSC) cited an alleged increased threat of attack from terrorist organizations. More Shanghai launches Robotaxi service between airport and Disneyland Aug 21,2025 Shanghai has launched a driverless Robotaxi service which offers passengers connections between Shanghai Disney Resort and Pudong International Airport.The service, which is run by IM Motors, SAIC Motor's mobility service platform Xiangdao Chuxing and SAIC AI Lab, also offers short-distance connections between popular spots within the Shanghai International Resort area, reported the Shanghai Observer, citing IM Motors. Lunar basin formation period altered Aug 21,2025 A study of lunar samples retrieved by the Chang'e 6 mission has dated the formation of the Apollo basin to 4.16 billion years ago, meaning the onset of the late heavy bombardment occurred at least 100 million years earlier than thought. The finding offers new insights into the early dynamic evolution of the moon and the solar system. South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Aug 21,2025 The symposium — organized by the University of South Australia's Centre for Enterprise Dynamics in Global Economies, in collaboration with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in South Australia — examined the state's relationship with China. China launches AIRSAT-05 satellite featuring advanced on-orbit intelligence Aug 20,2025 Satellite AIRSAT-05 was successfully launched from the Dongfeng commercial space pilot zone in northwest China on Monday and had entered its designated orbit, the Aerospace Information Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences announced on Tuesday. Beijing games showcase robotics innovation Aug 19,2025 The inaugural World Humanoid Robot Games in Beijing have showcased how sport is accelerating robotics innovation and capturing public imagination. Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? More 3rd China-Russia library forum opens in Moscow Aug 21,2025 China's Ambassador to Russia Zhang Hanhui (first from right) and other guests look at cultural relics in the collection of the Russian National Library on Aug 14.And the Far Eastern State Scientific Library (Russia) and Capital Library of China (Beijing) forged a partnership to expand resource sharing and joint research. Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa Aug 21,2025 Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Aug 21,2025 Renowned Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passed away at 62 in Beijing in the early hours of Tuesday due to illness, according to a notice released by singer Huang An. Tianjin unveils city video ahead of 2025 SCO Summit Aug 21,2025 It features the World Intelligence Expo, the Luban Workshop, and the China–Europe Railway Express, underscoring the city's drive to foster global dialogue and cooperation. Liu Tingyu contributed to this story. Blistering sanfu over, but extreme heat isn't Aug 21,2025 China has endured its second-hottest sanfu period on record this year, and forecasters warn that high temperatures will persist in the south even though the period has ended. Popularity of Zanhua lifts incomes of local residents in Quanzhou Aug 20,2025 From a young age, Bai Lan, 71, has been involved in the traditional practice of Zanhua — the craft of pinning a colorful floral accessory headdress — in Quanzhou, East China's Fujian province. More Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? Chengdu World Games concludes amid wide acclaim Aug 18,2025 A representative of Karlsruhe, Germany waves the International World Games Association flag at the closing ceremony of the 12th World Games in Chengdu, Sichuan province, marking the handover for hosting the 13th edition of the games in 2029. Wushu, dragon boat racing to remain competitive sports at World Games Aug 18,2025 International World Games Association (IWGA) President Jose Perurena confirmed plans to retain wushu and dragon boat racing as official competitive sports in the future World Games. The World Games 2025 closes in Chengdu Aug 18,2025 Fireworks are seen during the closing ceremony of The World Games 2025 in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, August 17, 2025.The Games, featuring 34 sports, 60 disciplines and 256 events, ran from August 7 to 17 under the slogan "Boundless Sports, Countless Wonders." China sent a 489-member delegation, its largest in the event's history. Human-machine symbiosis on full display at Beijing games Aug 15,2025 Stefan Hensel, supervisor of Germany's Sweaty team, praised the Beijing event as "a nice and open community and an Olympic Games for the industry".Some viewers online said the humanoid soccer matches lacked excitement, as the robots moved stiffly and made clumsy decisions on the pitch. Chinese climber dies in rockfall after summiting K2 Aug 15,2025 Chinese mountaineer Guan Jing was killed Tuesday night by falling rocks after successfully reaching the summit of K2, the world's second-highest peak at 8,611 meters, located in the Karakoram Range on the Pakistan-China border. More Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China Aug 19,2025 Giant pandas enjoy summer treats in Chengdu Jul 11,2025 Giant pandas were seen adorably lounging in their enclosures Thursday, enjoying delicious treats. Chinese panda twins celebrate 2nd birthday in S. Korea Jul 07,2025 Female giant panda twins Rui Bao and Hui Bao born in South Korea celebrated their second birthday on Monday. Their home Everland theme park threw a special birthday party for them. First giant panda cub of 2025 born at panda base in SW China's Sichuan Jun 26,2025 The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda (CCRCGP) on Wednesday said the Shenshuping Base in southwest China's Sichuan Province had welcomed this year's first giant panda cub in captivity. Giant pandas enjoy cool summer of plateau in northwest China Jun 11,2025 As China’s largest standalone panda enclosure, the Xining Panda House is home to four giant pandas: one male and three females. Giant pandas enjoy special treat for Dragon Boat Festival May 30,2025 Giant panda "Mei Zhu" enjoys a special meal for the Dragon Boat Festival at the Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, May 29, 2025. More More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' (W.E. Talk) Chinese bamboo industry enters EU market? China-EU green innovation deserves credit (W.E. Talk) European scholar: China-Europe Railway Express becomes the blood vessel for Europe's economic development 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Qingcheng Tai Chi attracts Chengdu World Games athletes China, Europe should seek common interests and new opportunities for cooperation amid global transformation: scholar More Ecns wire Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa EconoScope | China's major ports see strong gains amid rising 'new trio' shipments Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues Current circumstances further highlight the strategic significance of China-India relations: FM Stressed-out Chinese adults turn to adult pacifiers for anxiety relief (W.E. Talk) China-Europe cooperation: Achieving together, illuminating the world More Feature Shuttle goes extra mile to help disabled boy Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Infographics Giant Titan Arums fruit at National Botanical Garden Shanghai issues 'nucleic acid sampling certificates' to ensure mass testing More Photo Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Regio Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]