See all topics Email Link Copied! Who’s in charge of Alligator Alcatraz ? Since the controversial detention facility opened in the Florida Everglades earlier this summer, immigrants held there, advocacy groups and two federal judges have asked this question repeatedly. The answer could play a key role in a legal battle over the facility’s fate. And it has bigger implications, too. Ad Feedback State and federal authorities have described Alligator Alcatraz as a partnership aimed at strengthening the Trump administration’s efforts to crack down on illegal immigration. Florida says it’s operating the temporary detention camp under agreements between state and local agencies and ICE . But when it comes to day-to-day operations at the facility, and to decisions about who’s detained there, federal officials have said the state is in charge. Critics say confusion over who’s ultimately responsible for the facility isn’t simply a bureaucratic matter. They argue it raises concerns about accountability and oversight as detainees’ lives hang in the balance. Here’s a look at three key reasons the question of who’s in charge is so significant. Alligator Alcatraz’s future could depend on the answer In a federal lawsuit, environmental groups are asking a judge to block operations and construction at the site until environmental laws are followed. That case hinges on the question of whether Alligator Alcatraz is a federal project. The groups and a Native American tribe argue the National Environmental Policy Act should apply to the facility. That law requires a detailed environmental impact analysis for any proposed “major federal action.” Plaintiffs argue none of that happened before Alligator Alcatraz was built. “They just circumvented that completely by saying this is state-run,” says Thomas Kennedy, a consultant for the Florida Immigrant Coalition, which opposes the detention facility. In an aerial view from a helicopter, the migrant detention center, dubbed "Alligator Alcatraz," is seen on July 4. The facility is located at an abandoned airfield in the Everglades. Attorneys representing Florida and the federal government argue the detention center, which was built in a matter of days this summer, never had to follow those regulations because construction and operation of the facility are under state control. “ICE did not and has not ordered, supervised, or directed construction of the facility. ICE did not and has not weighed in on the number of detainees held in the facility. The State of Florida has complete discretion in deciding who is detained at this facility,” ICE Assistant Field Office Director Santiago Fuentes says in a signed declaration included in the court records. According to the Associated Press , an attorney representing the environmental group has argued that the facility’s purpose is immigration enforcement, a federal function. People attend Irish priest Father Frank O'Loughlin's Diamond Jubilee Mass in solidarity with those detained at Alligator Alcatraz on August 16. Questions about who’s doing what at the facility have also come up in connection with another federal lawsuit, which focuses on detainees’ access to counsel. There is “confusion of who exactly is running the show at Alligator Alcatraz,” US District Judge Rodolfo A. Ruiz II said in a July hearing. “Who is doing what in this facility?” In response to his questions, officials filed paperwork showing agreements between multiple Florida agencies and ICE. Ruiz dismissed part of that lawsuit late Monday and also moved the case to a different jurisdiction, making it likely legal battles over the facility will continue. In the environmental case, US District Judge Kathleen Williams is expected to issue an order this week. And she’s already temporarily blocked additional construction at the site. If she sides with the plaintiffs and issues a preliminary injunction this week, Alligator Alcatraz’s days could be numbered. Among the options Williams is considering: a full operational shutdown of the facility. Knowing who’s in charge allows the public to ask questions and press for answers When complaints come up about conditions at an immigrant detention facility, or when issues arise in individual detainees’ cases, it’s important for lawmakers, members of the public and detainees’ family members and legal representatives to know who to contact. Typically, Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s website will list basic information about its detention facilities, including a detainee locator and details about family and attorney visitations, according to Claire Trickler-McNulty, a former ICE and DHS official who helped craft detention policies in previous administrations. She notes that Alligator Alcatraz isn’t listed there. “Because it’s not really, officially an ICE facility, a lot of the infrastructure that’s been built is not applicable. So it’s sort of like floating in the dark,” she says. “It’s very concerning. … It’s confusing and also frustrating, because it’s so murky.” Family members of detainees told CNN they’ve struggled to find out if their loved ones are even being held at Alligator Alcatraz. And critics have raised numerous concerns about the facility since it opened, with reports of hundreds of migrants confined in cages amid sweltering heat, bug infestations and meager meals. Video Ad Feedback "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 - Source: CNN "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 The state of Florida has pushed back, saying conditions at the camp are in “good working order” and that claims to the contrary are false. The Department of Homeland Security has decried what it calls “hoaxes” about the facility . “The media is desperate for allegations of inhumane conditions at this facility to be true, so they can slow down President Trump’s partnerships with States to turbocharge efforts to remove the worst of the worst,” DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin said in a recent statement. But immigrant rights groups argue the confusion over who’s in charge at the facility has very real consequences. “It raises a lot of red flags, because we want to make sure that everybody’s held accountable,” says Nery Lopez, a senior organizer at the Detention Watch Network. “We don’t know who to hold accountable. There’s no number (to call) … to have someone go in there and verify” when allegations are made about conditions inside. Kennedy describes the facility as a “black site.” “The detainees and their family members feel like they’re just in complete legal limbo while they’re inside,” he says. McLaughlin disputed that characterization. “More Alligator Alcatraz hoaxes. It is not a ‘black site,’” she told CNN in a written statement. “The facility is managed by the State of Florida through the Division of Emergency Management. Detainees have access to phones they can use to contact their family and lawyers. Additionally, Alligator Alcatraz meets federal detention standards.” Officials say Alligator Alcatraz is a model for other states Debates and legal battles over Alligator Alcatraz could have implications far beyond the Florida immigrant detention facility. “It’s seen as a testing ground,” Trickler-McNulty says. That’s because officials have repeatedly pointed to the facility as a model they hope other states will follow. “Florida was unique in what they presented to us, and I would ask every other governor to do the exact same thing,” DHS Secretary Kristi Noem said after visiting the facility in July. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis shakes hands with President Donald Trump as Alligator Alcatraz opens on July 1. “This is a model, but we need other states to step up,” Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis added. Less than two weeks later, Noem told reporters she was in talks with multiple states who want to build similar facilities. “I’m having ongoing conversations with five other governors,” Noem said. Just over a month after Alligator Alcatraz began operating, Noem announced a similar facility would open in Indiana. Officials said the facility, dubbed the “Speedway Slammer” for the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway to the south, would provide 1,000 immigrant detention beds. The Miami Correctional facility is seen in Indiana on August 12. Department of Homeland Security officials say it will become a site for immigrant detention dubbed the "Speedway Slammer." And on Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security announced plans for a 280-bed expansion of ICE detention space at the Work Ethic Camp in McCook, Nebraska, describing the move as its third state partnership. Last week, DeSantis also announced Florida﻿ would open another facility at a former prison in the northern part of the state, “building on the success the state has had with Alligator Alcatraz.” The rapid expansion of detention facilities makes confusion over who’s in charge at Alligator Alcatraz all the more concerning, Lopez says. “Then it flags the alarm of, is this what’s going to happen in other areas, too? There’s going to be more questions in the air, and it’s just truly very dangerous,” she says. Even if legal challenges to Alligator Alcatraz are successful and a judge blocks the facility from operating, Kennedy says, it’s clear authorities intend to use this approach elsewhere. “It’s a scary model,” he says. CNN’s Devon M. Sayers, Allison Gordon and Isabel Rosales contributed to this report. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! Who’s in charge of Alligator Alcatraz ? Since the controversial detention facility opened in the Florida Everglades earlier this summer, immigrants held there, advocacy groups and two federal judges have asked this question repeatedly. The answer could play a key role in a legal battle over the facility’s fate. And it has bigger implications, too. Ad Feedback State and federal authorities have described Alligator Alcatraz as a partnership aimed at strengthening the Trump administration’s efforts to crack down on illegal immigration. Florida says it’s operating the temporary detention camp under agreements between state and local agencies and ICE . But when it comes to day-to-day operations at the facility, and to decisions about who’s detained there, federal officials have said the state is in charge. Critics say confusion over who’s ultimately responsible for the facility isn’t simply a bureaucratic matter. They argue it raises concerns about accountability and oversight as detainees’ lives hang in the balance. Here’s a look at three key reasons the question of who’s in charge is so significant. Alligator Alcatraz’s future could depend on the answer In a federal lawsuit, environmental groups are asking a judge to block operations and construction at the site until environmental laws are followed. That case hinges on the question of whether Alligator Alcatraz is a federal project. The groups and a Native American tribe argue the National Environmental Policy Act should apply to the facility. That law requires a detailed environmental impact analysis for any proposed “major federal action.” Plaintiffs argue none of that happened before Alligator Alcatraz was built. “They just circumvented that completely by saying this is state-run,” says Thomas Kennedy, a consultant for the Florida Immigrant Coalition, which opposes the detention facility. In an aerial view from a helicopter, the migrant detention center, dubbed "Alligator Alcatraz," is seen on July 4. The facility is located at an abandoned airfield in the Everglades. Attorneys representing Florida and the federal government argue the detention center, which was built in a matter of days this summer, never had to follow those regulations because construction and operation of the facility are under state control. “ICE did not and has not ordered, supervised, or directed construction of the facility. ICE did not and has not weighed in on the number of detainees held in the facility. The State of Florida has complete discretion in deciding who is detained at this facility,” ICE Assistant Field Office Director Santiago Fuentes says in a signed declaration included in the court records. According to the Associated Press , an attorney representing the environmental group has argued that the facility’s purpose is immigration enforcement, a federal function. People attend Irish priest Father Frank O'Loughlin's Diamond Jubilee Mass in solidarity with those detained at Alligator Alcatraz on August 16. Questions about who’s doing what at the facility have also come up in connection with another federal lawsuit, which focuses on detainees’ access to counsel. There is “confusion of who exactly is running the show at Alligator Alcatraz,” US District Judge Rodolfo A. Ruiz II said in a July hearing. “Who is doing what in this facility?” In response to his questions, officials filed paperwork showing agreements between multiple Florida agencies and ICE. Ruiz dismissed part of that lawsuit late Monday and also moved the case to a different jurisdiction, making it likely legal battles over the facility will continue. In the environmental case, US District Judge Kathleen Williams is expected to issue an order this week. And she’s already temporarily blocked additional construction at the site. If she sides with the plaintiffs and issues a preliminary injunction this week, Alligator Alcatraz’s days could be numbered. Among the options Williams is considering: a full operational shutdown of the facility. Knowing who’s in charge allows the public to ask questions and press for answers When complaints come up about conditions at an immigrant detention facility, or when issues arise in individual detainees’ cases, it’s important for lawmakers, members of the public and detainees’ family members and legal representatives to know who to contact. Typically, Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s website will list basic information about its detention facilities, including a detainee locator and details about family and attorney visitations, according to Claire Trickler-McNulty, a former ICE and DHS official who helped craft detention policies in previous administrations. She notes that Alligator Alcatraz isn’t listed there. “Because it’s not really, officially an ICE facility, a lot of the infrastructure that’s been built is not applicable. So it’s sort of like floating in the dark,” she says. “It’s very concerning. … It’s confusing and also frustrating, because it’s so murky.” Family members of detainees told CNN they’ve struggled to find out if their loved ones are even being held at Alligator Alcatraz. And critics have raised numerous concerns about the facility since it opened, with reports of hundreds of migrants confined in cages amid sweltering heat, bug infestations and meager meals. Video Ad Feedback "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 - Source: CNN "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 The state of Florida has pushed back, saying conditions at the camp are in “good working order” and that claims to the contrary are false. The Department of Homeland Security has decried what it calls “hoaxes” about the facility . “The media is desperate for allegations of inhumane conditions at this facility to be true, so they can slow down President Trump’s partnerships with States to turbocharge efforts to remove the worst of the worst,” DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin said in a recent statement. But immigrant rights groups argue the confusion over who’s in charge at the facility has very real consequences. “It raises a lot of red flags, because we want to make sure that everybody’s held accountable,” says Nery Lopez, a senior organizer at the Detention Watch Network. “We don’t know who to hold accountable. There’s no number (to call) … to have someone go in there and verify” when allegations are made about conditions inside. Kennedy describes the facility as a “black site.” “The detainees and their family members feel like they’re just in complete legal limbo while they’re inside,” he says. McLaughlin disputed that characterization. “More Alligator Alcatraz hoaxes. It is not a ‘black site,’” she told CNN in a written statement. “The facility is managed by the State of Florida through the Division of Emergency Management. Detainees have access to phones they can use to contact their family and lawyers. Additionally, Alligator Alcatraz meets federal detention standards.” Officials say Alligator Alcatraz is a model for other states Debates and legal battles over Alligator Alcatraz could have implications far beyond the Florida immigrant detention facility. “It’s seen as a testing ground,” Trickler-McNulty says. That’s because officials have repeatedly pointed to the facility as a model they hope other states will follow. “Florida was unique in what they presented to us, and I would ask every other governor to do the exact same thing,” DHS Secretary Kristi Noem said after visiting the facility in July. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis shakes hands with President Donald Trump as Alligator Alcatraz opens on July 1. “This is a model, but we need other states to step up,” Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis added. Less than two weeks later, Noem told reporters she was in talks with multiple states who want to build similar facilities. “I’m having ongoing conversations with five other governors,” Noem said. Just over a month after Alligator Alcatraz began operating, Noem announced a similar facility would open in Indiana. Officials said the facility, dubbed the “Speedway Slammer” for the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway to the south, would provide 1,000 immigrant detention beds. The Miami Correctional facility is seen in Indiana on August 12. Department of Homeland Security officials say it will become a site for immigrant detention dubbed the "Speedway Slammer." And on Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security announced plans for a 280-bed expansion of ICE detention space at the Work Ethic Camp in McCook, Nebraska, describing the move as its third state partnership. Last week, DeSantis also announced Florida﻿ would open another facility at a former prison in the northern part of the state, “building on the success the state has had with Alligator Alcatraz.” The rapid expansion of detention facilities makes confusion over who’s in charge at Alligator Alcatraz all the more concerning, Lopez says. “Then it flags the alarm of, is this what’s going to happen in other areas, too? There’s going to be more questions in the air, and it’s just truly very dangerous,” she says. Even if legal challenges to Alligator Alcatraz are successful and a judge blocks the facility from operating, Kennedy says, it’s clear authorities intend to use this approach elsewhere. “It’s a scary model,” he says. CNN’s Devon M. Sayers, Allison Gordon and Isabel Rosales contributed to this report. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! Who’s in charge of Alligator Alcatraz ? Since the controversial detention facility opened in the Florida Everglades earlier this summer, immigrants held there, advocacy groups and two federal judges have asked this question repeatedly. The answer could play a key role in a legal battle over the facility’s fate. And it has bigger implications, too. Ad Feedback State and federal authorities have described Alligator Alcatraz as a partnership aimed at strengthening the Trump administration’s efforts to crack down on illegal immigration. Florida says it’s operating the temporary detention camp under agreements between state and local agencies and ICE . But when it comes to day-to-day operations at the facility, and to decisions about who’s detained there, federal officials have said the state is in charge. Critics say confusion over who’s ultimately responsible for the facility isn’t simply a bureaucratic matter. They argue it raises concerns about accountability and oversight as detainees’ lives hang in the balance. Here’s a look at three key reasons the question of who’s in charge is so significant. Alligator Alcatraz’s future could depend on the answer In a federal lawsuit, environmental groups are asking a judge to block operations and construction at the site until environmental laws are followed. That case hinges on the question of whether Alligator Alcatraz is a federal project. The groups and a Native American tribe argue the National Environmental Policy Act should apply to the facility. That law requires a detailed environmental impact analysis for any proposed “major federal action.” Plaintiffs argue none of that happened before Alligator Alcatraz was built. “They just circumvented that completely by saying this is state-run,” says Thomas Kennedy, a consultant for the Florida Immigrant Coalition, which opposes the detention facility. In an aerial view from a helicopter, the migrant detention center, dubbed "Alligator Alcatraz," is seen on July 4. The facility is located at an abandoned airfield in the Everglades. Attorneys representing Florida and the federal government argue the detention center, which was built in a matter of days this summer, never had to follow those regulations because construction and operation of the facility are under state control. “ICE did not and has not ordered, supervised, or directed construction of the facility. ICE did not and has not weighed in on the number of detainees held in the facility. The State of Florida has complete discretion in deciding who is detained at this facility,” ICE Assistant Field Office Director Santiago Fuentes says in a signed declaration included in the court records. According to the Associated Press , an attorney representing the environmental group has argued that the facility’s purpose is immigration enforcement, a federal function. People attend Irish priest Father Frank O'Loughlin's Diamond Jubilee Mass in solidarity with those detained at Alligator Alcatraz on August 16. Questions about who’s doing what at the facility have also come up in connection with another federal lawsuit, which focuses on detainees’ access to counsel. There is “confusion of who exactly is running the show at Alligator Alcatraz,” US District Judge Rodolfo A. Ruiz II said in a July hearing. “Who is doing what in this facility?” In response to his questions, officials filed paperwork showing agreements between multiple Florida agencies and ICE. Ruiz dismissed part of that lawsuit late Monday and also moved the case to a different jurisdiction, making it likely legal battles over the facility will continue. In the environmental case, US District Judge Kathleen Williams is expected to issue an order this week. And she’s already temporarily blocked additional construction at the site. If she sides with the plaintiffs and issues a preliminary injunction this week, Alligator Alcatraz’s days could be numbered. Among the options Williams is considering: a full operational shutdown of the facility. Knowing who’s in charge allows the public to ask questions and press for answers When complaints come up about conditions at an immigrant detention facility, or when issues arise in individual detainees’ cases, it’s important for lawmakers, members of the public and detainees’ family members and legal representatives to know who to contact. Typically, Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s website will list basic information about its detention facilities, including a detainee locator and details about family and attorney visitations, according to Claire Trickler-McNulty, a former ICE and DHS official who helped craft detention policies in previous administrations. She notes that Alligator Alcatraz isn’t listed there. “Because it’s not really, officially an ICE facility, a lot of the infrastructure that’s been built is not applicable. So it’s sort of like floating in the dark,” she says. “It’s very concerning. … It’s confusing and also frustrating, because it’s so murky.” Family members of detainees told CNN they’ve struggled to find out if their loved ones are even being held at Alligator Alcatraz. And critics have raised numerous concerns about the facility since it opened, with reports of hundreds of migrants confined in cages amid sweltering heat, bug infestations and meager meals. Video Ad Feedback "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 - Source: CNN "It's a type of torture:" Hear what it's like inside Alligator Alcatraz 4:54 The state of Florida has pushed back, saying conditions at the camp are in “good working order” and that claims to the contrary are false. The Department of Homeland Security has decried what it calls “hoaxes” about the facility . “The media is desperate for allegations of inhumane conditions at this facility to be true, so they can slow down President Trump’s partnerships with States to turbocharge efforts to remove the worst of the worst,” DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin said in a recent statement. But immigrant rights groups argue the confusion over who’s in charge at the facility has very real consequences. “It raises a lot of red flags, because we want to make sure that everybody’s held accountable,” says Nery Lopez, a senior organizer at the Detention Watch Network. “We don’t know who to hold accountable. There’s no number (to call) … to have someone go in there and verify” when allegations are made about conditions inside. Kennedy describes the facility as a “black site.” “The detainees and their family members feel like they’re just in complete legal limbo while they’re inside,” he says. McLaughlin disputed that characterization. “More Alligator Alcatraz hoaxes. It is not a ‘black site,’” she told CNN in a written statement. “The facility is managed by the State of Florida through the Division of Emergency Management. Detainees have access to phones they can use to contact their family and lawyers. Additionally, Alligator Alcatraz meets federal detention standards.” Officials say Alligator Alcatraz is a model for other states Debates and legal battles over Alligator Alcatraz could have implications far beyond the Florida immigrant detention facility. “It’s seen as a testing ground,” Trickler-McNulty says. That’s because officials have repeatedly pointed to the facility as a model they hope other states will follow. “Florida was unique in what they presented to us, and I would ask every other governor to do the exact same thing,” DHS Secretary Kristi Noem said after visiting the facility in July. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis shakes hands with President Donald Trump as Alligator Alcatraz opens on July 1. “This is a model, but we need other states to step up,” Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis added. Less than two weeks later, Noem told reporters she was in talks with multiple states who want to build similar facilities. “I’m having ongoing conversations with five other governors,” Noem said. Just over a month after Alligator Alcatraz began operating, Noem announced a similar facility would open in Indiana. Officials said the facility, dubbed the “Speedway Slammer” for the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway to the south, would provide 1,000 immigrant detention beds. The Miami Correctional facility is seen in Indiana on August 12. Department of Homeland Security officials say it will become a site for immigrant detention dubbed the "Speedway Slammer." And on Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security announced plans for a 280-bed expansion of ICE detention space at the Work Ethic Camp in McCook, Nebraska, describing the move as its third state partnership. Last week, DeSantis also announced Florida﻿ would open another facility at a former prison in the northern part of the state, “building on the success the state has had with Alligator Alcatraz.” The rapid expansion of detention facilities makes confusion over who’s in charge at Alligator Alcatraz all the more concerning, Lopez says. “Then it flags the alarm of, is this what’s going to happen in other areas, too? There’s going to be more questions in the air, and it’s just truly very dangerous,” she says. Even if legal challenges to Alligator Alcatraz are successful and a judge blocks the facility from operating, Kennedy says, it’s clear authorities intend to use this approach elsewhere. “It’s a scary model,” he says. CNN’s Devon M. Sayers, Allison Gordon and Isabel Rosales contributed to this report. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .