close Woman's wild airport tirade caught on camera A woman was captured on video attacking Southwest Airlines staff at Orlando International Airport during an apparent standby outburst. (Credit: Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Video shows the moment a woman appeared to have a violent meltdown in the Southwest Airlines concourse at Orlando International Airport last week. The woman—later identified as 45-year-old Selomit Velez-Rodriguez—is seen in passenger Peyton Turbeville’s video yelling at Southwest employees. "Motherf-----, are you kidding me?" Velez-Rodriguez is heard saying on the video. "Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me?" Wearing a large backpack, shorts, a red long-sleeved shirt and a ballcap, she yells at an employee, saying she’s trying to get to her destination to bury her brother. FBI INVESTIGATING MIDAIR BRAWL THAT FORCED BREEZE AIRWAYS FLIGHT TO DIVERT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) She appears to kick the employee, drawing gasps from bystanders. One person can be heard saying, "Oh, that’s assault." Velez-Rodriguez launches into a profanity-laced tirade, then hits a Southwest desk monitor three times, saying, "two flights wasted… two flights, three planes, after 45 minutes." MAN ARRESTED WITH FULLY LOADED AR-15 AND KNIVES OUTSIDE PALM BEACH AIRPORT FREQUENTED BY TRUMP A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Moments later, she tells nearby travelers to call the police as she follows an employee through the concourse. After going off on another bystander in the concourse, Velez-Rodriguez is seen punching another computer monitor with her phone before following the same Southwest employee through the concourse. Turbeville told Storyful that the woman was upset because she did not make the standby list for three flights, though the claim has not yet been verified. MASSACHUSETTS MAN SENTENCED FOLLOWING VIOLENT IN-FLIGHT RAMPAGE ON BOARD UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Turbeville also said the woman tried to get in through the gate after it closed and staffers asked her to stop. FOX 35 learned from Orlando Police that officers responded to the airport at about 9:30 p.m. Witnesses told police Velez-Rodriguez tried to disrupt boarding, struck an employee and damaged more than $1,000 in computer equipment. She was ultimately arrested and booked on charges of battery, criminal mischief and resisting an officer without violence. Police told the station she tried to pull away from officers while being taken into custody. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Court records show Velez-Rodriguez posted $5,000 bond and was allowed to return home to Illinois. Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Woman's wild airport tirade caught on camera A woman was captured on video attacking Southwest Airlines staff at Orlando International Airport during an apparent standby outburst. (Credit: Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Video shows the moment a woman appeared to have a violent meltdown in the Southwest Airlines concourse at Orlando International Airport last week. The woman—later identified as 45-year-old Selomit Velez-Rodriguez—is seen in passenger Peyton Turbeville’s video yelling at Southwest employees. "Motherf-----, are you kidding me?" Velez-Rodriguez is heard saying on the video. "Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me?" Wearing a large backpack, shorts, a red long-sleeved shirt and a ballcap, she yells at an employee, saying she’s trying to get to her destination to bury her brother. FBI INVESTIGATING MIDAIR BRAWL THAT FORCED BREEZE AIRWAYS FLIGHT TO DIVERT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) She appears to kick the employee, drawing gasps from bystanders. One person can be heard saying, "Oh, that’s assault." Velez-Rodriguez launches into a profanity-laced tirade, then hits a Southwest desk monitor three times, saying, "two flights wasted… two flights, three planes, after 45 minutes." MAN ARRESTED WITH FULLY LOADED AR-15 AND KNIVES OUTSIDE PALM BEACH AIRPORT FREQUENTED BY TRUMP A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Moments later, she tells nearby travelers to call the police as she follows an employee through the concourse. After going off on another bystander in the concourse, Velez-Rodriguez is seen punching another computer monitor with her phone before following the same Southwest employee through the concourse. Turbeville told Storyful that the woman was upset because she did not make the standby list for three flights, though the claim has not yet been verified. MASSACHUSETTS MAN SENTENCED FOLLOWING VIOLENT IN-FLIGHT RAMPAGE ON BOARD UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Turbeville also said the woman tried to get in through the gate after it closed and staffers asked her to stop. FOX 35 learned from Orlando Police that officers responded to the airport at about 9:30 p.m. Witnesses told police Velez-Rodriguez tried to disrupt boarding, struck an employee and damaged more than $1,000 in computer equipment. She was ultimately arrested and booked on charges of battery, criminal mischief and resisting an officer without violence. Police told the station she tried to pull away from officers while being taken into custody. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Court records show Velez-Rodriguez posted $5,000 bond and was allowed to return home to Illinois. Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Woman's wild airport tirade caught on camera A woman was captured on video attacking Southwest Airlines staff at Orlando International Airport during an apparent standby outburst. (Credit: Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Video shows the moment a woman appeared to have a violent meltdown in the Southwest Airlines concourse at Orlando International Airport last week. The woman—later identified as 45-year-old Selomit Velez-Rodriguez—is seen in passenger Peyton Turbeville’s video yelling at Southwest employees. "Motherf-----, are you kidding me?" Velez-Rodriguez is heard saying on the video. "Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me?" Wearing a large backpack, shorts, a red long-sleeved shirt and a ballcap, she yells at an employee, saying she’s trying to get to her destination to bury her brother. FBI INVESTIGATING MIDAIR BRAWL THAT FORCED BREEZE AIRWAYS FLIGHT TO DIVERT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) She appears to kick the employee, drawing gasps from bystanders. One person can be heard saying, "Oh, that’s assault." Velez-Rodriguez launches into a profanity-laced tirade, then hits a Southwest desk monitor three times, saying, "two flights wasted… two flights, three planes, after 45 minutes." MAN ARRESTED WITH FULLY LOADED AR-15 AND KNIVES OUTSIDE PALM BEACH AIRPORT FREQUENTED BY TRUMP A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Moments later, she tells nearby travelers to call the police as she follows an employee through the concourse. After going off on another bystander in the concourse, Velez-Rodriguez is seen punching another computer monitor with her phone before following the same Southwest employee through the concourse. Turbeville told Storyful that the woman was upset because she did not make the standby list for three flights, though the claim has not yet been verified. MASSACHUSETTS MAN SENTENCED FOLLOWING VIOLENT IN-FLIGHT RAMPAGE ON BOARD UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT A woman had a meltdown at Orlando International Airport on Aug. 14, 2025. (Peyton Turbeville via Storyful) Turbeville also said the woman tried to get in through the gate after it closed and staffers asked her to stop. FOX 35 learned from Orlando Police that officers responded to the airport at about 9:30 p.m. Witnesses told police Velez-Rodriguez tried to disrupt boarding, struck an employee and damaged more than $1,000 in computer equipment. She was ultimately arrested and booked on charges of battery, criminal mischief and resisting an officer without violence. Police told the station she tried to pull away from officers while being taken into custody. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Court records show Velez-Rodriguez posted $5,000 bond and was allowed to return home to Illinois. Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner.