By Evelyn Ann-Marie Dom Published on 21/08/2025 - 15:46 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp Former MP and minister Henrik Sass Larsen is accused of possessing photo and video files containing child sexual abuse material, as well as a child-like doll made for sexual purposes. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT The trial against a former Danish minister and MP Henrik Sass Larsen started on Thursday at the Copenhagen City Court. The former Social Democrat MP faces two charges, including the possession of more than 6,000 images and 2,000 video files containing child sexual abuse material, as well as the possession of a child-like doll designed for sexual purposes. The evidence was collected by police when they searched his electronic devices in 2023 and 2024. Sass Larsen pleads not guilty, claiming the images are part a search for images of himself as a child, as the former minister claims he was a victim of abuse himself. Regarding the doll, he claimed it had been an accidental gift. ADVERTISEMENT The former minister's defence attorney, Berit Ernst, argues that simply possessing the materials is not proof of guilt on its own and instead needs to be supported by evidence showing the materials were intended for use in a criminal act. "You subjectively need to have intended to possess this material in a criminal manner. And he (Henrik Sass Larsen) has already been out to explain the background for having these things in his possession," Ernst said. "So, if this is outside the area that the law was intended to cover, then you can go unpunished," the defence attorney added. If proven guilty, Sass Larsen could face up to one year in prison for each charge. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Denmark cuts 25% book sales tax due to alarming low-level 'reading crisis' At least one person killed after train collides with tanker in Denmark, local officials say Denmark to axe Copenhagen's 'pornographic and too primitive' mermaid statue Child pornography Crime Denmark Ursula von der Leyen 'extremely saddened' by situation of children in Gaza By Evelyn Ann-Marie Dom Published on 21/08/2025 - 15:46 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp Former MP and minister Henrik Sass Larsen is accused of possessing photo and video files containing child sexual abuse material, as well as a child-like doll made for sexual purposes. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT The trial against a former Danish minister and MP Henrik Sass Larsen started on Thursday at the Copenhagen City Court. The former Social Democrat MP faces two charges, including the possession of more than 6,000 images and 2,000 video files containing child sexual abuse material, as well as the possession of a child-like doll designed for sexual purposes. The evidence was collected by police when they searched his electronic devices in 2023 and 2024. Sass Larsen pleads not guilty, claiming the images are part a search for images of himself as a child, as the former minister claims he was a victim of abuse himself. Regarding the doll, he claimed it had been an accidental gift. ADVERTISEMENT The former minister's defence attorney, Berit Ernst, argues that simply possessing the materials is not proof of guilt on its own and instead needs to be supported by evidence showing the materials were intended for use in a criminal act. "You subjectively need to have intended to possess this material in a criminal manner. And he (Henrik Sass Larsen) has already been out to explain the background for having these things in his possession," Ernst said. "So, if this is outside the area that the law was intended to cover, then you can go unpunished," the defence attorney added. If proven guilty, Sass Larsen could face up to one year in prison for each charge. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Denmark cuts 25% book sales tax due to alarming low-level 'reading crisis' At least one person killed after train collides with tanker in Denmark, local officials say Denmark to axe Copenhagen's 'pornographic and too primitive' mermaid statue Child pornography Crime Denmark Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp