18 Aug, 2025 06:38 Home World News Trump accuses Biden of driving Russia and China closer together The two countries are “natural enemies,” the US president has claimed, while criticizing his predecessor’s sanctions policy US President Donald Trump boards Air Force One on August 15, 2025 in Maryland to travel to Alaska for talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin. © Andrew Harnik/Getty Images US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Joe Biden, of inadvertently drawing “natural enemies” Russia and China closer together. Trump made the claim following his summit in Alaska with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday, which focused on a resolution of the Ukraine conflict. In an interview with Fox News, Trump was asked about Western sanctions on Russia and his recent threat to impose secondary sanctions on countries importing Russian energy, such as India and China. “He [Biden] did something that was unthinkable. He drove China and Russia together. That’s not good… it’s the one thing you didn’t want to do. Because they are basically natural enemies,” Trump told Fox News’ Sean Hannity. The US president went on to claim that Russia’s vast territory is something that China needs to accommodate its massive population, but “because of pure stupidity, they were driven together.” READ MORE: The Alaska summit was a success. The challenge is to make it last Biden’s foreign policy included simultaneous confrontation with both Moscow and Beijing, where Washington launched sweeping sanctions against Russia over Ukraine, while tightening restrictions on high technology exports, such as semiconductors and artificial intelligence, to China. READ MORE: US has ‘no right’ to tell India who to trade with – Jeffrey Sachs Moscow and Beijing both slammed the sanctions as unilateral, illegal, and a form of economic bullying, framing them as proof of Washington’s disregard for international law. The two countries have since deepened energy and trade cooperation. Moscow has redirected much of its oil and gas exports toward China, while bilateral commerce has expanded to record levels in 2023 and 2024. The two countries have also shifted to settling transactions in local currencies rather than the US dollar, underscoring their effort to reduce reliance on Western financial systems. Since taking office in January, Trump has kept up pressure on China while at the same time moving toward a closer relationship with Russia. His administration has introduced a series of new tariffs on Chinese goods, while refraining from imposing new sanctions on Moscow. The US president described his talks with Putin in Alaska on Friday as “very productive” and achieving “great progress. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on China Donald Trump Joe Biden Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 19 Aug, 2025 16:26 Home World News Trump tells Zelensky to ‘show flexibility’ The US president has been spearheading an attempt to end the conflict between Moscow and Kiev © Getty Images / Anadolu / Contributor US President Donald Trump has renewed his push for talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky, urging the latter to be more flexible. Trump made the remarks on Tuesday after a meeting in Washington with Zelensky, several European leaders, and the heads of NATO and the European Commission. The discussions centered on conditions for a possible peace deal with Russia. The talks followed Trump’s summit with Putin in Alaska last week. In a phone interview with Fox News, Trump claimed he had resolved “seven wars” during his political career but described the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as the toughest one yet. Trump, who wants to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, expressed hope that the Ukrainian leader “will do what he has to do,” adding that “He has to show some flexibility.” Trump had earlier suggested that a trilateral meeting with Putin and Zelensky could be held soon, saying “there will be a reasonable chance of ending the war when we do that.” Trump met Putin on Friday in Anchorage, Alaska, in their first face-to-face encounter since 2019 in the American president’s first term. He described the talks as “warm,” while Putin called them “frank” and “substantive.” He followed up on Monday with a phone call to the Russian president, briefing him on the talks in Washington. According to the Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov, the call lasted 40 minutes, with both sides expressing readiness to continue discussions on a resolution with Zelensky. READ MORE: No return of Crimea and no NATO for Ukraine – Trump Moscow maintains that any lasting settlement must eliminate the root causes of the conflict, address Russia’s security concerns, and recognize current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea and the four former Ukrainian regions that voted to join Russia in 2022. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 16:15 Home World News Five takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy Negotiations are in, a ceasefire is out, the EU is sidelined and Moscow is upping the ante US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin begin critical talks in Anchorage, Alaska. © Getty Images / Kremlin Press Office A sudden and frenetic period of diplomacy began with Russian President Vladimir Putin’s trip to attend a summit with his US counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, on Friday. While both leaders welcomed the “warm” and “constructive” talks, the aftermath saw Trump and his officials, notably envoy Steve Witkoff, reveal Washington’s sense that a breakthrough was possible. Vladimir Zelensky was then summoned to the US capital to discuss a deal that could reportedly involve territorial exchanges, recognition of the existing front lines and international security guarantees. He arrived accompanied by his key Western European backers, for a bilateral with Trump and a wider discussion. While much of the talk around the talks should be regarded with suspicion, especially from the Western commentariat, here are some of RT’s key takeaways from the recent developments. Recap You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU North Atlantic Treaty Organization – NATO Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy