16 Aug, 2025 13:44 Home World News European NATO states to continue arming Ukraine Western European leaders intend to send more military aid to Kiev and keep the NATO door open FILE PHOTO: The NATO flag surrounded by member state flags, NATO headquarters, Brussels, Belgium, April 27, 2023. © Getty Images / Omar Havana Western European leaders have issued a statement backing US President Donald Trump’s diplomatic push to end the Ukraine conflict – while also reaffirming their intention to further arm Kiev and seek to bring it into NATO, the very issues Russia has cited as among the root causes of the conflict. The declaration follows the summit between US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska on Friday, where the two discussed steps toward ending the Ukraine conflict. Although no deal was announced, both sides characterized the talks as highly productive. Trump said he would speak with Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky in Washington on Monday. The leaders of France, Germany, Italy, the UK, Poland, Finland, as well as the presidents of the EU Council and European Commission, praised the peace efforts in a statement published on Saturday, but vowed to continue providing military aid to Kiev. “Our support to Ukraine will continue. We are determined to do more to keep Ukraine strong in order to achieve an end to the fighting,” they said. READ MORE: Trump pushes peace over ceasefire after Putin meeting The statement rejects any notion of a territorial compromise, stressing that it was “up to Ukraine to make decisions on its territory.” Trump has repeatedly raised the prospect of a “land swap” between Russia and Ukraine as part of a deal. The European leaders added that they were ready to provide Kiev security guarantees via a so-called “coalition of the willing” – a France- and UK-led effort to deploy a NATO “reassurance force” in Ukraine, an initiative that Moscow has staunchly opposed. “No limitations should be placed on Ukraine’s armed forces or on its cooperation with third countries. Russia cannot have a veto against Ukraine’s pathway to EU and NATO,” the statement says. READ MORE: Talks with Trump ‘constructive’ – Putin Just a day earlier, Trump ruled out Kiev’s membership in the US-led military bloc. Security guarantees for Ukraine will not come “in the form of NATO, because you know there are certain things that aren’t going to happen,” he told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. Moscow has long insisted that Ukraine must commit to neutrality, stay out of NATO, undergo demilitarization and denazification, and recognize the status of the new Russian regions. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Europe European Union – EU North Atlantic Treaty Organization – NATO Russia-Ukraine conflict Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 19 Aug, 2025 16:26 Home World News Trump tells Zelensky to ‘show flexibility’ The US president has been spearheading an attempt to end the conflict between Moscow and Kiev © Getty Images / Anadolu / Contributor US President Donald Trump has renewed his push for talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky, urging the latter to be more flexible. Trump made the remarks on Tuesday after a meeting in Washington with Zelensky, several European leaders, and the heads of NATO and the European Commission. The discussions centered on conditions for a possible peace deal with Russia. The talks followed Trump’s summit with Putin in Alaska last week. In a phone interview with Fox News, Trump claimed he had resolved “seven wars” during his political career but described the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as the toughest one yet. Trump, who wants to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, expressed hope that the Ukrainian leader “will do what he has to do,” adding that “He has to show some flexibility.” Trump had earlier suggested that a trilateral meeting with Putin and Zelensky could be held soon, saying “there will be a reasonable chance of ending the war when we do that.” Trump met Putin on Friday in Anchorage, Alaska, in their first face-to-face encounter since 2019 in the American president’s first term. He described the talks as “warm,” while Putin called them “frank” and “substantive.” He followed up on Monday with a phone call to the Russian president, briefing him on the talks in Washington. According to the Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov, the call lasted 40 minutes, with both sides expressing readiness to continue discussions on a resolution with Zelensky. READ MORE: No return of Crimea and no NATO for Ukraine – Trump Moscow maintains that any lasting settlement must eliminate the root causes of the conflict, address Russia’s security concerns, and recognize current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea and the four former Ukrainian regions that voted to join Russia in 2022. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 16:15 Home World News Five takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy Negotiations are in, a ceasefire is out, the EU is sidelined and Moscow is upping the ante US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin begin critical talks in Anchorage, Alaska. © Getty Images / Kremlin Press Office A sudden and frenetic period of diplomacy began with Russian President Vladimir Putin’s trip to attend a summit with his US counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, on Friday. While both leaders welcomed the “warm” and “constructive” talks, the aftermath saw Trump and his officials, notably envoy Steve Witkoff, reveal Washington’s sense that a breakthrough was possible. Vladimir Zelensky was then summoned to the US capital to discuss a deal that could reportedly involve territorial exchanges, recognition of the existing front lines and international security guarantees. He arrived accompanied by his key Western European backers, for a bilateral with Trump and a wider discussion. While much of the talk around the talks should be regarded with suspicion, especially from the Western commentariat, here are some of RT’s key takeaways from the recent developments. Recap You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU North Atlantic Treaty Organization – NATO Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 15:42 Home World News Switzerland offers Putin immunity for Ukraine peace talks – media The Russian president will not be arrested in the country under an International Criminal Court warrant, Bern has reportedly said Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis © Global Look Press / Johannes Neudecker/dpa Switzerland has indicated it would allow Russian President Vladimir Putin to attend possible Ukraine peace talks on its soil without facing arrest under an International Criminal Court warrant, according to media reports. Following a weekend during which Putin was welcomed to the US by President Donald Trump, who days later hosted Vladimir Zelensky and his key Western European backers, Moscow confirmed its readiness to participate in further talks on a lasting resolution to the Ukraine conflict and indicated that its diplomatic presence at such talks would be raised. A possible venue for such talks has not been identified. The Hague-based ICC issued arrest warrants in 2023 for Putin, as well as Russian Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova, over alleged unlawful deportation and transfer of children from former Ukrainian territories. Moscow has dismissed the allegations as politically motivated, explaining that it evacuated the children out of the war zone for their own safety. On Tuesday, Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis told a press conference that, under certain circumstances, the Russian president would be allowed to set foot in Switzerland. The Swiss government last year defined “the rules for granting immunity to a person under an international arrest warrant. If this person comes for a peace conference – not if they come for private reasons,” Cassis said as quoted by various news outlets. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump He added that his country was “ready for such a meeting,” saying “We have always signaled our willingness, but it naturally depends on the will of the major powers.” According to the foreign minister, Switzerland could host such a summit “despite the arrest warrant against Putin because of our special role and Geneva’s role as the European headquarters of the UN.” Russia, like the US, China, and Israel, is not a signatory to the ICC’s founding treaty and does not recognize its jurisdiction. French President Emmanuel Macron, who also took part in Monday’s talks with Trump, has reportedly raised the possibility of a peace summit being held in “a neutral country, maybe Switzerland.” “I’m pushing for Geneva,” he told French news channel LCI on Tuesday. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Switzerland Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy