19 Aug, 2025 09:50 Home World News Germany’s Merz weighs in on Ukrainian territorial concessions Kiev must make decisions of this kind on its own in the course of negotiations, the German chancellor has said German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Washington, DC, the US, August 19, 2025 © Global Look Press / Kay Nietfeld German Chancellor Friedrich Merz has ruled out any territorial concessions by Ukraine as part of potential peace negotiations with Russia, emphasizing that such decisions must rest solely with Kiev. Moscow has consistently called for recognition of the new territorial reality on the ground. The comment came shortly after Monday’s White House meeting featuring US President Donald Trump, Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky, and his key Western European backers, including Merz. The meeting was held two days after a successful summit in Alaska between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump. “The Russian demand that Kiev should give up the free parts of the Donbass is, just to make the scale of it clear, comparable in scale to a proposal that the US should give up Florida,” the German chancellor told journalists on Monday, stressing that “no territorial concessions should be made.” Merz admitted, however, that such decisions “Ukraine must make on its own in the course of negotiations,” adding that “a sovereign state cannot just decide something like that so easily.” Zelensky had previously refused outright to discuss any territorial concessions, stating that “the Constitution of Ukraine does not allow the surrender of territories or the trading of land.” He, however, acknowledged that the land swaps were on the latest talks agenda at the White House. READ MORE: Ukraine must forget about Crimea and NATO – Trump Following the summit in Anchorage, President Putin reiterated that the key to the settlement of the conflict is the elimination of its root causes for lasting peace. According to Moscow, Ukraine should renounce its ambitions for NATO membership, demilitarize, and recognize the current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea as well as of the People Republics of Donetsk and Lugansk, and Kherson and Zaporozhye regions, which voted to become parts of Russia in 2022. Trump has urged Ukraine to drop its NATO membership aspirations and relinquish claims to Crimea as preconditions for starting peace talks with Russia. The US president has asserted that accepting these terms could bring an almost immediate end to the conflict, aligning closely with Moscow’s position on territorial reality. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Germany Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 19 Aug, 2025 16:26 Home World News Trump tells Zelensky to ‘show flexibility’ The US president has been spearheading an attempt to end the conflict between Moscow and Kiev © Getty Images / Anadolu / Contributor US President Donald Trump has renewed his push for talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky, urging the latter to be more flexible. Trump made the remarks on Tuesday after a meeting in Washington with Zelensky, several European leaders, and the heads of NATO and the European Commission. The discussions centered on conditions for a possible peace deal with Russia. The talks followed Trump’s summit with Putin in Alaska last week. In a phone interview with Fox News, Trump claimed he had resolved “seven wars” during his political career but described the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as the toughest one yet. Trump, who wants to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, expressed hope that the Ukrainian leader “will do what he has to do,” adding that “He has to show some flexibility.” Trump had earlier suggested that a trilateral meeting with Putin and Zelensky could be held soon, saying “there will be a reasonable chance of ending the war when we do that.” Trump met Putin on Friday in Anchorage, Alaska, in their first face-to-face encounter since 2019 in the American president’s first term. He described the talks as “warm,” while Putin called them “frank” and “substantive.” He followed up on Monday with a phone call to the Russian president, briefing him on the talks in Washington. According to the Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov, the call lasted 40 minutes, with both sides expressing readiness to continue discussions on a resolution with Zelensky. READ MORE: No return of Crimea and no NATO for Ukraine – Trump Moscow maintains that any lasting settlement must eliminate the root causes of the conflict, address Russia’s security concerns, and recognize current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea and the four former Ukrainian regions that voted to join Russia in 2022. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 16:15 Home World News Five takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy Negotiations are in, a ceasefire is out, the EU is sidelined and Moscow is upping the ante US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin begin critical talks in Anchorage, Alaska. © Getty Images / Kremlin Press Office A sudden and frenetic period of diplomacy began with Russian President Vladimir Putin’s trip to attend a summit with his US counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, on Friday. While both leaders welcomed the “warm” and “constructive” talks, the aftermath saw Trump and his officials, notably envoy Steve Witkoff, reveal Washington’s sense that a breakthrough was possible. Vladimir Zelensky was then summoned to the US capital to discuss a deal that could reportedly involve territorial exchanges, recognition of the existing front lines and international security guarantees. He arrived accompanied by his key Western European backers, for a bilateral with Trump and a wider discussion. While much of the talk around the talks should be regarded with suspicion, especially from the Western commentariat, here are some of RT’s key takeaways from the recent developments. Recap You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU North Atlantic Treaty Organization – NATO Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 15:42 Home World News Switzerland offers Putin immunity for Ukraine peace talks – media The Russian president will not be arrested in the country under an International Criminal Court warrant, Bern has reportedly said Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis © Global Look Press / Johannes Neudecker/dpa Switzerland has indicated it would allow Russian President Vladimir Putin to attend possible Ukraine peace talks on its soil without facing arrest under an International Criminal Court warrant, according to media reports. Following a weekend during which Putin was welcomed to the US by President Donald Trump, who days later hosted Vladimir Zelensky and his key Western European backers, Moscow confirmed its readiness to participate in further talks on a lasting resolution to the Ukraine conflict and indicated that its diplomatic presence at such talks would be raised. A possible venue for such talks has not been identified. The Hague-based ICC issued arrest warrants in 2023 for Putin, as well as Russian Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova, over alleged unlawful deportation and transfer of children from former Ukrainian territories. Moscow has dismissed the allegations as politically motivated, explaining that it evacuated the children out of the war zone for their own safety. On Tuesday, Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis told a press conference that, under certain circumstances, the Russian president would be allowed to set foot in Switzerland. The Swiss government last year defined “the rules for granting immunity to a person under an international arrest warrant. If this person comes for a peace conference – not if they come for private reasons,” Cassis said as quoted by various news outlets. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump He added that his country was “ready for such a meeting,” saying “We have always signaled our willingness, but it naturally depends on the will of the major powers.” According to the foreign minister, Switzerland could host such a summit “despite the arrest warrant against Putin because of our special role and Geneva’s role as the European headquarters of the UN.” Russia, like the US, China, and Israel, is not a signatory to the ICC’s founding treaty and does not recognize its jurisdiction. French President Emmanuel Macron, who also took part in Monday’s talks with Trump, has reportedly raised the possibility of a peace summit being held in “a neutral country, maybe Switzerland.” “I’m pushing for Geneva,” he told French news channel LCI on Tuesday. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Switzerland Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy