12 Aug, 2025 11:45 Home World News All eyes on the Trump-Putin summit – but the US-Russia rift runs deep Washington’s next geopolitical plays in the post-Soviet space – from the Caucasus to Transnistria – threaten to widen the East-West divide This text was originally published by the Greek media outlet NeoStrategy.gr and has been translated and edited by the RT team. Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev (L), US President Donald Trump (C) and Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan (R) on August 8, 2025 in Washington, DC. © Andrew Harnik / Getty Images All eyes may be on the scheduled meeting between US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, set for August 15 in Alaska – which is likely to be critical for Ukraine. But fears are growing that tensions between Russia and the West are far from resolved. Recently, with American “mediation” – if not outright pressure – Armenia and Azerbaijan signed a preliminary peace agreement that went largely unnoticed in Greece. In reality, it marks Armenia’s official capitulation after its defeats in recent wars with Azerbaijan. The consensus is that the big winner is Türkiye, which has been openly backing Azerbaijan – and still is. The peace deal, signed in Washington on August 8 with the help of Trump, is widely seen as a geopolitical win for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Ankara, which supported Baku in its “blitzkrieg” in Karabakh, stands to gain the most – first and foremost by securing a direct land link to Azerbaijan via Nakhichevan. That said, the geopolitical and geoeconomic benefits for American interests are hardly smaller. New ‘Kosovos’ in the making Following the US-Turkish-engineered deal in the Caucasus, observers expect Washington to push similar plans elsewhere in the post-Soviet space. Georgia and Moldova top the list of likely next targets. Both countries have their own “thorny” territories – self-declared autonomous regions, Kosovo-style, lacking international recognition and hosting Russian military bases. Kosovo itself, of course, is recognized by most of the West, though it technically still lacks full independent-state status. Notably, Greece, Romania, Cyprus, and Spain refuse to recognize it, while Serbia still considers it part of its territory. Risky scenarios for war The hottest flashpoint inside Europe – especially with elections in Moldova this September – is Chisinau’s ambition to “reintegrate” Transnistria. Read more Elected? That’s cute. Now go to jail In recent years, disputed elections have brought pro-Western governments and a pro-Western president to power in Moldova. Now, at least on paper, Chisinau could call on Kiev for help and attempt a military solution to the Transnistria question. No one can rule out such a move – especially with Russian forces largely tied down in the Ukraine conflict. Parliamentary elections are adding to the tension. The country is split almost evenly for and against pro-Western President Maia Sandu and her PAS party. A new military adventure could serve as the perfect pretext to shift the domestic political climate – and to escalate the broader standoff between Europe and Russia. Greece – Romania – Türkiye If another European war were to break out – this time over Moldova – NATO member Romania would almost certainly side with Chisinau. As Romania’s ally, Greece would face a hard choice: back Bucharest (and by extension, Moldova) or keep its distance from another European conflict? In the case of Ukraine, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis’s government took no such distance – instead, openly declaring that Greece was “at war with Russia.” Whatever Athens decides will depend in part on Türkiye’s stance toward this – for now – hypothetical scenario. Ankara would likely get involved indirectly, if only to boost its geopolitical influence in the region and its standing within NATO. It has done so repeatedly in recent years – in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, and beyond. Türkiye’s and Azerbaijan’s success in Karabakh – at the expense of Armenia and Russia – has emboldened Ankara in other arenas of foreign policy. Erdogan has repeatedly stated that Türkiye will not give up “a single inch of land once Turkish soldiers have set foot on it.” History suggests those are not idle words. Washington’s blueprint The United States is clearly playing a bigger game across the post-Soviet geopolitical chessboard. By closing the chapter on the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict in the Caucasus – a confrontation dating back to the collapse of the USSR – Washington has engineered a settlement tailored to its own strategic script. Next up are other “frozen conflicts” in the former Soviet Union. Read more Rockets from Russia: Inside Moscow’s deadliest arsenal yet Georgia wants to peacefully “reintegrate” Abkhazia and South Ossetia, two breakaway territories in the Caucasus that split from Tbilisi after bloody conflicts – the first in the early 1990s, the second in 2008. They are, in effect, the “Kosovos” of the Caucasus. In Moldova, the president and government have made deepening ties with the US and NATO a top priority. Like Kiev in years past, Chisinau sees this as its ticket to security guarantees against Moscow – and, more importantly, as its “golden opportunity” to retake Transnistria. A Karabakh-style “blitzkrieg” would be hard to pull off against territories hosting Russian military bases. But Washington doesn’t seem in a rush – even if events are moving at a dangerously fast pace. NATO in the wings? It hasn’t gone unnoticed that NATO military exercises have included scenarios simulating a crisis in these “Kosovos” of Georgia and Moldova. One telling example: Agile Spirit 2025, the 12th such exercise hosted jointly with Georgia, ran from July 25 to August 6 with participants from 13 countries – including the US, Türkiye, Poland, Germany, Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Lithuania, and Ukraine – not counting observer nations. Adding fuel to the speculation, online rumors claim that during joint “Fiery Shield-2025” drills with the US and Romania, which began August 4, Moldovan troops fired at targets depicting Russian soldiers. Military ties between Greece and Romania – and between Greece and Moldova – have been strengthening. On June 26, 2025, Greece’s chief of the Hellenic National Defense General Staff, Dimitris Choupis, awarded Moldova’s deputy chief of the General Staff, Brigadier General Sergiu Cirimpei, the Medal of Merit and Honor. Diplomatic contacts are also on the rise. Deputy Foreign Minister Charis Theocharis recently visited Moldova, adding to a string of earlier meetings. Finally, the former US ambassador to Athens and later Biden-era deputy secretary of state for energy, Geoffrey Pyatt, has repeatedly emphasized the “Vertical Gas Corridor” – a network that would allow bidirectional flows from south to north, specifically from Greece through Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, Moldova, and Ukraine, via both existing and new European natural gas and LNG infrastructure. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 19 Aug, 2025 16:26 Home World News Trump tells Zelensky to ‘show flexibility’ The US president has been spearheading an attempt to end the conflict between Moscow and Kiev © Getty Images / Anadolu / Contributor US President Donald Trump has renewed his push for talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky, urging the latter to be more flexible. Trump made the remarks on Tuesday after a meeting in Washington with Zelensky, several European leaders, and the heads of NATO and the European Commission. The discussions centered on conditions for a possible peace deal with Russia. The talks followed Trump’s summit with Putin in Alaska last week. In a phone interview with Fox News, Trump claimed he had resolved “seven wars” during his political career but described the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as the toughest one yet. Trump, who wants to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelensky, expressed hope that the Ukrainian leader “will do what he has to do,” adding that “He has to show some flexibility.” Trump had earlier suggested that a trilateral meeting with Putin and Zelensky could be held soon, saying “there will be a reasonable chance of ending the war when we do that.” Trump met Putin on Friday in Anchorage, Alaska, in their first face-to-face encounter since 2019 in the American president’s first term. He described the talks as “warm,” while Putin called them “frank” and “substantive.” He followed up on Monday with a phone call to the Russian president, briefing him on the talks in Washington. According to the Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov, the call lasted 40 minutes, with both sides expressing readiness to continue discussions on a resolution with Zelensky. READ MORE: No return of Crimea and no NATO for Ukraine – Trump Moscow maintains that any lasting settlement must eliminate the root causes of the conflict, address Russia’s security concerns, and recognize current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea and the four former Ukrainian regions that voted to join Russia in 2022. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 16:15 Home World News Five takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy Negotiations are in, a ceasefire is out, the EU is sidelined and Moscow is upping the ante US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin begin critical talks in Anchorage, Alaska. © Getty Images / Kremlin Press Office A sudden and frenetic period of diplomacy began with Russian President Vladimir Putin’s trip to attend a summit with his US counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, on Friday. While both leaders welcomed the “warm” and “constructive” talks, the aftermath saw Trump and his officials, notably envoy Steve Witkoff, reveal Washington’s sense that a breakthrough was possible. Vladimir Zelensky was then summoned to the US capital to discuss a deal that could reportedly involve territorial exchanges, recognition of the existing front lines and international security guarantees. He arrived accompanied by his key Western European backers, for a bilateral with Trump and a wider discussion. While much of the talk around the talks should be regarded with suspicion, especially from the Western commentariat, here are some of RT’s key takeaways from the recent developments. Recap You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU North Atlantic Treaty Organization – NATO Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 15:42 Home World News Switzerland offers Putin immunity for Ukraine peace talks – media The Russian president will not be arrested in the country under an International Criminal Court warrant, Bern has reportedly said Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis © Global Look Press / Johannes Neudecker/dpa Switzerland has indicated it would allow Russian President Vladimir Putin to attend possible Ukraine peace talks on its soil without facing arrest under an International Criminal Court warrant, according to media reports. Following a weekend during which Putin was welcomed to the US by President Donald Trump, who days later hosted Vladimir Zelensky and his key Western European backers, Moscow confirmed its readiness to participate in further talks on a lasting resolution to the Ukraine conflict and indicated that its diplomatic presence at such talks would be raised. A possible venue for such talks has not been identified. The Hague-based ICC issued arrest warrants in 2023 for Putin, as well as Russian Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova, over alleged unlawful deportation and transfer of children from former Ukrainian territories. Moscow has dismissed the allegations as politically motivated, explaining that it evacuated the children out of the war zone for their own safety. On Tuesday, Swiss Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis told a press conference that, under certain circumstances, the Russian president would be allowed to set foot in Switzerland. The Swiss government last year defined “the rules for granting immunity to a person under an international arrest warrant. If this person comes for a peace conference – not if they come for private reasons,” Cassis said as quoted by various news outlets. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump He added that his country was “ready for such a meeting,” saying “We have always signaled our willingness, but it naturally depends on the will of the major powers.” According to the foreign minister, Switzerland could host such a summit “despite the arrest warrant against Putin because of our special role and Geneva’s role as the European headquarters of the UN.” Russia, like the US, China, and Israel, is not a signatory to the ICC’s founding treaty and does not recognize its jurisdiction. French President Emmanuel Macron, who also took part in Monday’s talks with Trump, has reportedly raised the possibility of a peace summit being held in “a neutral country, maybe Switzerland.” “I’m pushing for Geneva,” he told French news channel LCI on Tuesday. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Switzerland Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy