19 Aug, 2025 12:24 Home Russia & FSU Russia hands over remains of 1,000 troops to Ukraine – Putin aide Moscow has received the bodies of 19 of its fallen soldiers from Kiev in return, Vladimir Medinsky has said FILE PHOTO: A convoy carrying the bodies of the Ukrainian servicemen. © Telegram / Vladimir Medinsky Moscow has returned the bodies of another 1,000 fallen Ukrainian soldiers, Russian presidential aide Vladimir Medinsky has said. Russia has received the remains of 19 of its soldiers from Ukraine in return, Medinsky, Moscow’s top negotiator during the talks with Kiev in Türkiye, wrote on Telegram on Tuesday. The bodies were returned to Kiev “in line with the Istanbul agreements,” he added. Ukraine's Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War confirmed that it had received the remains of 1,000 servicemen. The swap follows a summit on Friday between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his American counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, and the US president’s meetings in Washington on Monday with Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and Western European leaders, during which a possible settlement of the conflict between Moscow and Kiev was discussed. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump Moscow offered to repatriate the remains of over 6,000 of Kiev’s troops as a humanitarian gesture during the second round of talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations in Istanbul in early June. The promised number of bodies was transferred to Ukraine in the following weeks in several stages. Russia received the remains of 79 of its fallen soldiers in exchange. Putin announced later that Moscow was ready to return another 3,000 bodies to Kiev. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 19 Aug, 2025 15:59 Home Russia & FSU ‘Very productive,’ ‘constructive,’ ‘the best’: What leaders said about this week’s summits US President Donald Trump has met with Vladimir Putin in Alaska and has hosted Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and EU heads in the White House FILE PHOTO. Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President Donald Trump meet in Anchorage, Alaska on August 15, 2025. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik World leaders have expressed cautious optimism on the prospects of resolving the Ukraine conflict after the latest high-level summits in Alaska and Washington. Last Friday, US President Donald Trump welcomed Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in Anchorage, Alaska for several hours of talks, marking the first time the two met face to face since 2019. On Monday Trump also hosted Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky along with senior European officials at the White House. The meetings focused on security guarantees, territorial questions, and the next steps in negotiations. Here are some of the takeaways voiced by national leaders. Trump: “Very productive” Trump has described the Alaska talks as “very productive,” saying there is “a good chance of getting” to a peace deal. He stressed, however, that no agreement has yet been reached and that the US will continue consulting its partners At the White House, he called the meeting with Zelensky and Europeans “another step” toward consensus and raised the possibility of direct Putin-Zelensky talks and a possible trilateral format. Read more The Alaska summit was a success. The challenge is to make it last Putin: Talks “constructive” Putin has called the Alaska summit “constructive” and “results-oriented,” saying discussions were held in a spirit of “mutual respect.” He suggested an “understanding” on some points but gave no details. After the Washington talks, Putin also held a 40 minute long call with Trump. Both leaders agreed to discuss a peace deal with Zelensky, according to Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov. Zelensky: Meeting was the “best” Zelensky has thanked Trump for hosting him at the White House, calling it “the best of our meetings.” He confirmed territorial issues were “on the agenda” and were discussed over a map of Ukraine, but said they remain strictly between him and Putin. He also welcomed US military aid discussions and stressed that Ukraine will not agree to a settlement without security guarantees. Read more Starmer instructed Zelensky how to behave around Trump – media EU leaders: “Solidarity” Western European leaders in Washington described the talks as “good” and “constructive,” stressing solidarity and security guarantees for Ukraine. They underscored Washington’s role but avoided specifics on territorial or security terms and gave no details on how Europe would contribute to guarantees. Starmer praised Trump’s leadership UK Prime Minister Keir Starmer said Trump’s peace efforts “should be commended” and have “brought us closer than ever before” to ending the conflict, adding that any path to peace “cannot be decided without Zelensky.” After the White House session, Starmer called the talks “good and constructive,” and welcomed US openness on guarantees. Read more Europe has nothing to offer the US – Lukyanov to RT Macron: Very far from declaring victory French President Emmanuel Macron welcomed clearer US signals on security guarantees after the White House meeting but urged caution, saying the Washington summit was only “a step” and that “we are very far from declaring victory.” NATO/EU Commission: Sticking to principles, but without specifics European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen reiterated the need for “ironclad” security guarantees for Ukraine and highlighted the humanitarian track without announcing new commitments. NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte called the Washington meeting “a very successful day,” praised Trump’s role as a peacemaker, and said the shape of guarantees, including the extent of US involvement, would be worked out in the coming days. Recap You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 19 Aug, 2025 14:31 Home Russia & FSU Drone racing championship wraps up in Moscow (VIDEO, PHOTOS) UAV pilots from around the world competed at the Russian capital’s Innovation Center Moscow Mayor’s Cup drone racing at Skolkovo Innovation Center, Moscow, Russia, August 17, 2025. © Sputnik/Максим Блинов The Mayor’s Cup drone racing championship concluded on Sunday at Moscow’s Skolkovo Innovation Center, with teams from around the world competing in the event. Drone pilots from 16 teams representing 11 countries, including India, Australia, Bulgaria, Turkey, Kazakhstan, France, Belarus, Germany, Spain, and South Korea, took part in the event. The competition was part of the ‘Unmanned Systems: Technologies of the Future’ forum, which also featured keynote speeches from experts from 30 countries, alongside exhibitions and workshops. “This is currently the best event in the world for drone racing,” Ilya Galaev, president of the Russian Drone Racing Federation, told RT. “No one else conducts this competition except us; we are now promoting it globally.” Galaev expressed confidence that drone racing is the future of one of the most spectacular sports, and predicted it could “reach the podium [of the world’s top sports] within the next 50 years.” Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 02:02 © RT RT video footage captured key moments from the finals, with pilots skillfully maneuvering drones through complex obstacle courses at high speed. Wearing first-person-view goggles, they navigated gates, sharp turns, and vertical elements designed to test both precision and control. Moscow Mayor’s Cup drone racing at Skolkovo Innovation Center, Moscow, Russia, August 17, 2025. © Sputnik/Maxim Blinov “It’s a really big event; we have an audience, which is not something we are used to in drone racing,” said Leon-Gabriel Schubert, a pilot from Germany, calling the event “really impressive.” Moscow Mayor’s Cup drone racing at Skolkovo Innovation Center, Moscow, Russia, August 17, 2025. © Sputnik/Maxim Blinov Russia’s Belgorod team finished first after two days of races on a custom-built outdoor track. A team from Moscow took second place, while the Leningrad region secured third. “The Russians, of course, are one of the strongest teams. The Bulgarians and Germans are also really strong,” Indian pilot Kruthart Mohan Chikmagalur told RT, highlighting the level of competition. Moscow Mayor’s Cup drone racing at Skolkovo Innovation Center, Moscow, Russia, August 17, 2025. © Sputnik/Maxim Blinov “We got a lot of help from the Russian pilots who helped us adapt to this new format,” said Spanish pilot Hugo Lopez, visiting Russia for the first time. “So far, we’ve had a great experience with everyone here.” Moscow Mayor’s Cup drone racing at Skolkovo Innovation Center, Moscow, Russia, August 17, 2025. © Sputnik/Maxim Blinov You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Moscow Russia Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy