close Trump cracks down on free tuition, taxpayer benefits to illegal immigrants 'Fox & Friends' co-hosts weighs in after eight unaccompanied migrant children were found during an ICE raid on a cannabis farm in California and the Trump administration's efforts to end taxpayer-funded benefits for illegal immigrants. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min The Department of Homeland Security tweeted on Wednesday that the term "undocumented immigrant" is the political equivalent of "they/them" pronouns. "DHS has no interest in the left’s open borders pronouns," the department said in its statement. DHS said "alien" is the technical and legal term for what are also called illegal immigrants in the press. "Illegal" is the only way to correctly describe lawbreakers, the agency added. "Next thing you know you will be calling burglars ‘undocumented houseguests,’" said the statement. TRUMP ADMIN SLAMS ACLU FOR COMPARING ICE CENTER TO JAPANESE INTERNMENT CAMP: ‘DERANGED AND LAZY’ Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks in Quito, Ecuador, in July 2025. (Getty Images/Alex Brandon) Federal law includes multiple references to the term "illegal alien" or "alien" in describing persons who incur into the U.S. illegally or without proper documentation. In 8 U.S.C (U.S. Code) 1182 and 1227 – provisions dealing with admission and removal of foreign nationals – the terms "inadmissible aliens" and "deportable aliens" are used. In federal statute delineating employment and public benefits, 8 U.S.C. 1324(a) and 8 U.S.C. 1611 describe the "unlawful employment of aliens" and "aliens ineligible for federal public benefits." ILLEGAL TRUCKER ‘DEPORTED HIMSELF’ TO CALIFORNIA, LAWMAKER SAYS, REVEALING SYSTEMIC CRISIS IN TRANSPORTATION Video In criminal law, 8 U.S.C. 1324 describes the transgression of "bringing in and harboring certain aliens." The statute was often referred to by right-wing commentators during the Biden administration to highlight the textual precedent for using the term "illegal aliens." Another reference occurs in 8 U.S.C. 1325: regarding "improper entry by [an] alien." UNION BOSS COMPARES ICE TO AL PACINO MOBSTER AS MORE DEMS PILE ON IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT "‘Alien’ is the technical legal term, and that is what DHS will use," the department said in its statement. DHS cited three recent media stories using the term undocumented immigrant, including in Indiana, Texas and New Jersey press outlets. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video In June, a high school student in Davidson County, North Carolina won a $20,000 payday and apology after he was suspended from class over use of the term "alien" to refer to wrongfully present foreign nationals. The 16-year-old had asked his English teacher if the term "alien" meant "space aliens or illegal aliens who need green cards." Administrators ruled the comment racially insensitive and suspended the boy, whose family then sued, claiming mischaracterization of racial bias and First Amendment violations. Fox News Digital's Alec Schemmel contributed to this report. Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com. close Trump cracks down on free tuition, taxpayer benefits to illegal immigrants 'Fox & Friends' co-hosts weighs in after eight unaccompanied migrant children were found during an ICE raid on a cannabis farm in California and the Trump administration's efforts to end taxpayer-funded benefits for illegal immigrants. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min The Department of Homeland Security tweeted on Wednesday that the term "undocumented immigrant" is the political equivalent of "they/them" pronouns. "DHS has no interest in the left’s open borders pronouns," the department said in its statement. DHS said "alien" is the technical and legal term for what are also called illegal immigrants in the press. "Illegal" is the only way to correctly describe lawbreakers, the agency added. "Next thing you know you will be calling burglars ‘undocumented houseguests,’" said the statement. TRUMP ADMIN SLAMS ACLU FOR COMPARING ICE CENTER TO JAPANESE INTERNMENT CAMP: ‘DERANGED AND LAZY’ Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks in Quito, Ecuador, in July 2025. (Getty Images/Alex Brandon) Federal law includes multiple references to the term "illegal alien" or "alien" in describing persons who incur into the U.S. illegally or without proper documentation. In 8 U.S.C (U.S. Code) 1182 and 1227 – provisions dealing with admission and removal of foreign nationals – the terms "inadmissible aliens" and "deportable aliens" are used. In federal statute delineating employment and public benefits, 8 U.S.C. 1324(a) and 8 U.S.C. 1611 describe the "unlawful employment of aliens" and "aliens ineligible for federal public benefits." ILLEGAL TRUCKER ‘DEPORTED HIMSELF’ TO CALIFORNIA, LAWMAKER SAYS, REVEALING SYSTEMIC CRISIS IN TRANSPORTATION Video In criminal law, 8 U.S.C. 1324 describes the transgression of "bringing in and harboring certain aliens." The statute was often referred to by right-wing commentators during the Biden administration to highlight the textual precedent for using the term "illegal aliens." Another reference occurs in 8 U.S.C. 1325: regarding "improper entry by [an] alien." UNION BOSS COMPARES ICE TO AL PACINO MOBSTER AS MORE DEMS PILE ON IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT "‘Alien’ is the technical legal term, and that is what DHS will use," the department said in its statement. DHS cited three recent media stories using the term undocumented immigrant, including in Indiana, Texas and New Jersey press outlets. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video In June, a high school student in Davidson County, North Carolina won a $20,000 payday and apology after he was suspended from class over use of the term "alien" to refer to wrongfully present foreign nationals. The 16-year-old had asked his English teacher if the term "alien" meant "space aliens or illegal aliens who need green cards." Administrators ruled the comment racially insensitive and suspended the boy, whose family then sued, claiming mischaracterization of racial bias and First Amendment violations. Fox News Digital's Alec Schemmel contributed to this report. Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com. close Trump cracks down on free tuition, taxpayer benefits to illegal immigrants 'Fox & Friends' co-hosts weighs in after eight unaccompanied migrant children were found during an ICE raid on a cannabis farm in California and the Trump administration's efforts to end taxpayer-funded benefits for illegal immigrants. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min The Department of Homeland Security tweeted on Wednesday that the term "undocumented immigrant" is the political equivalent of "they/them" pronouns. "DHS has no interest in the left’s open borders pronouns," the department said in its statement. DHS said "alien" is the technical and legal term for what are also called illegal immigrants in the press. "Illegal" is the only way to correctly describe lawbreakers, the agency added. "Next thing you know you will be calling burglars ‘undocumented houseguests,’" said the statement. TRUMP ADMIN SLAMS ACLU FOR COMPARING ICE CENTER TO JAPANESE INTERNMENT CAMP: ‘DERANGED AND LAZY’ Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks in Quito, Ecuador, in July 2025. (Getty Images/Alex Brandon) Federal law includes multiple references to the term "illegal alien" or "alien" in describing persons who incur into the U.S. illegally or without proper documentation. In 8 U.S.C (U.S. Code) 1182 and 1227 – provisions dealing with admission and removal of foreign nationals – the terms "inadmissible aliens" and "deportable aliens" are used. In federal statute delineating employment and public benefits, 8 U.S.C. 1324(a) and 8 U.S.C. 1611 describe the "unlawful employment of aliens" and "aliens ineligible for federal public benefits." ILLEGAL TRUCKER ‘DEPORTED HIMSELF’ TO CALIFORNIA, LAWMAKER SAYS, REVEALING SYSTEMIC CRISIS IN TRANSPORTATION Video In criminal law, 8 U.S.C. 1324 describes the transgression of "bringing in and harboring certain aliens." The statute was often referred to by right-wing commentators during the Biden administration to highlight the textual precedent for using the term "illegal aliens." Another reference occurs in 8 U.S.C. 1325: regarding "improper entry by [an] alien." UNION BOSS COMPARES ICE TO AL PACINO MOBSTER AS MORE DEMS PILE ON IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT "‘Alien’ is the technical legal term, and that is what DHS will use," the department said in its statement. DHS cited three recent media stories using the term undocumented immigrant, including in Indiana, Texas and New Jersey press outlets. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video In June, a high school student in Davidson County, North Carolina won a $20,000 payday and apology after he was suspended from class over use of the term "alien" to refer to wrongfully present foreign nationals. The 16-year-old had asked his English teacher if the term "alien" meant "space aliens or illegal aliens who need green cards." Administrators ruled the comment racially insensitive and suspended the boy, whose family then sued, claiming mischaracterization of racial bias and First Amendment violations. Fox News Digital's Alec Schemmel contributed to this report. Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com.