close Pirro sounds alarm on youth murders in DC, says young people 'emboldened' to commit crimes U.S. Attorney for D.C. Jeanine Pirro joins 'America's Newsroom' to discuss the issue of youth crime in Washington, D.C., how progressive policies need to be reformed to bolster public safety and more. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C. , will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital, according to U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district, except in limited cases for permit holders. Under the new policy, the U.S. attorney's office will continue to bring charges when a person is accused of using a shotgun or rifle in a violent crime or has a criminal record that prohibits them from possessing a firearm. The new policy also covers large-capacity magazines, but it does not include handguns. JEANINE PIRRO SAYS CURRENT DC JUSTICE SYSTEM 'ISN'T CUTTING IT' AS TRUMP TAKES FEDERAL CONTROL Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C., will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital. (DREW ANGERER/AFP via Getty Images) Local officials may also prosecute people for illegally possessing unregistered rifles and shotguns. Pirro, a former Fox News host, said in a statement that the new policy is based on guidance from the Justice Department and the Office of Solicitor General. She also said the change complies with two Supreme Court rulings protecting gun rights. Pirro said a blanket ban on possessing shotguns and rifles violates the court's 2022 ruling that struck down a New York gun law and held that people have a right to carry firearms in public for self-defense. She also cited a 2008 ruling blocking D.C.'s ban on handguns in the home. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district. (AP) The change comes amid President Donald Trump's move to boost the presence of federal law enforcement in the district in an attempt to reduce crime. Hundreds of federal agents and National Guard troops have been deployed to the streets of D.C. The White House said 76 firearms have been seized since the federal takeover began earlier this month. Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. since Trump tapped her to lead the nation’s largest U.S. attorney’s office in May. US ATTORNEY PIRRO SAYS ADMINISTRATION WON’T TOLERATE ‘OUT OF CONTROL’ CRIME IN THE NATION’S CAPITAL Jeanine Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. (Yuri Gripas/Abaca/Bloomberg via Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "We will continue to seize all illegal and unlicensed firearms, and to vigorously prosecute all crimes connected with them," Pirro said in her statement, adding that she and Trump "are committed to prosecuting gun crime." Fox News Digital reached out to the U.S. attorney's office for additional comment. Violent crime in D.C. dropped by 35% between 2023 and 2024, the U.S. attorney’s office said in December under prior leadership, stating that there were 3,388 incidents last year compared to 5,215 incidents the year before. The Associated Press contributed to this report. close Pirro sounds alarm on youth murders in DC, says young people 'emboldened' to commit crimes U.S. Attorney for D.C. Jeanine Pirro joins 'America's Newsroom' to discuss the issue of youth crime in Washington, D.C., how progressive policies need to be reformed to bolster public safety and more. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C. , will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital, according to U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district, except in limited cases for permit holders. Under the new policy, the U.S. attorney's office will continue to bring charges when a person is accused of using a shotgun or rifle in a violent crime or has a criminal record that prohibits them from possessing a firearm. The new policy also covers large-capacity magazines, but it does not include handguns. JEANINE PIRRO SAYS CURRENT DC JUSTICE SYSTEM 'ISN'T CUTTING IT' AS TRUMP TAKES FEDERAL CONTROL Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C., will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital. (DREW ANGERER/AFP via Getty Images) Local officials may also prosecute people for illegally possessing unregistered rifles and shotguns. Pirro, a former Fox News host, said in a statement that the new policy is based on guidance from the Justice Department and the Office of Solicitor General. She also said the change complies with two Supreme Court rulings protecting gun rights. Pirro said a blanket ban on possessing shotguns and rifles violates the court's 2022 ruling that struck down a New York gun law and held that people have a right to carry firearms in public for self-defense. She also cited a 2008 ruling blocking D.C.'s ban on handguns in the home. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district. (AP) The change comes amid President Donald Trump's move to boost the presence of federal law enforcement in the district in an attempt to reduce crime. Hundreds of federal agents and National Guard troops have been deployed to the streets of D.C. The White House said 76 firearms have been seized since the federal takeover began earlier this month. Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. since Trump tapped her to lead the nation’s largest U.S. attorney’s office in May. US ATTORNEY PIRRO SAYS ADMINISTRATION WON’T TOLERATE ‘OUT OF CONTROL’ CRIME IN THE NATION’S CAPITAL Jeanine Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. (Yuri Gripas/Abaca/Bloomberg via Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "We will continue to seize all illegal and unlicensed firearms, and to vigorously prosecute all crimes connected with them," Pirro said in her statement, adding that she and Trump "are committed to prosecuting gun crime." Fox News Digital reached out to the U.S. attorney's office for additional comment. Violent crime in D.C. dropped by 35% between 2023 and 2024, the U.S. attorney’s office said in December under prior leadership, stating that there were 3,388 incidents last year compared to 5,215 incidents the year before. The Associated Press contributed to this report. close Pirro sounds alarm on youth murders in DC, says young people 'emboldened' to commit crimes U.S. Attorney for D.C. Jeanine Pirro joins 'America's Newsroom' to discuss the issue of youth crime in Washington, D.C., how progressive policies need to be reformed to bolster public safety and more. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C. , will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital, according to U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district, except in limited cases for permit holders. Under the new policy, the U.S. attorney's office will continue to bring charges when a person is accused of using a shotgun or rifle in a violent crime or has a criminal record that prohibits them from possessing a firearm. The new policy also covers large-capacity magazines, but it does not include handguns. JEANINE PIRRO SAYS CURRENT DC JUSTICE SYSTEM 'ISN'T CUTTING IT' AS TRUMP TAKES FEDERAL CONTROL Federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C., will no longer slap people with felony charges for possession of rifles or shotguns in the nation's capital. (DREW ANGERER/AFP via Getty Images) Local officials may also prosecute people for illegally possessing unregistered rifles and shotguns. Pirro, a former Fox News host, said in a statement that the new policy is based on guidance from the Justice Department and the Office of Solicitor General. She also said the change complies with two Supreme Court rulings protecting gun rights. Pirro said a blanket ban on possessing shotguns and rifles violates the court's 2022 ruling that struck down a New York gun law and held that people have a right to carry firearms in public for self-defense. She also cited a 2008 ruling blocking D.C.'s ban on handguns in the home. The change means federal prosecutors will not seek charges under the D.C. law that made it illegal to carry rifles or shotguns in the district. (AP) The change comes amid President Donald Trump's move to boost the presence of federal law enforcement in the district in an attempt to reduce crime. Hundreds of federal agents and National Guard troops have been deployed to the streets of D.C. The White House said 76 firearms have been seized since the federal takeover began earlier this month. Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. since Trump tapped her to lead the nation’s largest U.S. attorney’s office in May. US ATTORNEY PIRRO SAYS ADMINISTRATION WON’T TOLERATE ‘OUT OF CONTROL’ CRIME IN THE NATION’S CAPITAL Jeanine Pirro has been a staunch critic of local officials' efforts to tackle crime in D.C. (Yuri Gripas/Abaca/Bloomberg via Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "We will continue to seize all illegal and unlicensed firearms, and to vigorously prosecute all crimes connected with them," Pirro said in her statement, adding that she and Trump "are committed to prosecuting gun crime." Fox News Digital reached out to the U.S. attorney's office for additional comment. Violent crime in D.C. dropped by 35% between 2023 and 2024, the U.S. attorney’s office said in December under prior leadership, stating that there were 3,388 incidents last year compared to 5,215 incidents the year before. The Associated Press contributed to this report.