close Trump pushes to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelenskyy Fox News senior White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich reports on President Donald Trump’s efforts to get a meeting on the books between Ukraine and Russia on ‘Special Report.’ Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The NATO Chiefs of Defense reaffirmed support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting Wednesday in Brussels that included all 32 allied military leaders and featured the first briefing in this format led by U.S. Gen. Alexus Grynkewich, the new Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR). U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Dan Caine attended the meeting virtually, along with Grynkewich, who also leads U.S. European Command, U.S. officials confirmed to Fox News on Tuesday. NATO officials said in a statement that the "candid discussion" centered on what security guarantees the alliance might provide Ukraine as part of a potential peace agreement to end Russia’s three-year war. Col. Martin O’Donnell, spokesperson for Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe, wrote on X that "the Supreme Allied Commander was honored to brief the Chiefs of Defense, his first in such a format. As he has said before, ‘these are consequential times.'" JOINT CHIEFS, NATO COUNTERPARTS TO DISCUSS UKRAINE SECURITY GUARANTEES AFTER TRUMP SUGGESTS US AIR SUPPORT NATO military leaders meet during a virtual session with all 32 allied defense chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) "NATO has faced important times before — and these have only made our Alliance stronger. As we work through these important issues, we will all stay informed, engaged, and united in the defense of the Euro-Atlantic region and with NATO's ongoing support to Ukraine as progress towards peace continues," he added. The Chair of NATO’s Military Committee also praised the discussions, writing on X that it was a "great, candid discussion among NATO Chiefs of Defence" and an "excellent update on the security environment from our new SACEUR, his first with us." The chair added that the meeting confirmed support for Ukraine , emphasizing the alliance’s focus on a "just, credible and durable peace" and praising the "relentless courage" of Ukrainian forces. EUROPEAN 'COALITION OF THE WILLING' FORMS UNITED FRONT AS TRUMP PUSHES PUTIN-ZELENSKYY SUMMIT NATO Chiefs of Defense meet Wednesday in a virtual session. (NATO) NATO SCRAMBLES WARPLANES AS RUSSIA HITS NEAR ROMANIAN BORDER IN UKRAINE According to the Associated Press , assurances that Ukraine won’t face another invasion are seen as central to any settlement, with Kyiv pressing for Western-backed military commitments, including weapons and training. European allies are working on options for a multinational security force that could backstop a peace deal. Wednesday's virtual session unfolded against the backdrop of President Donald Trump’s push to steer Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy toward a settlement. Trump met with Putin last Friday in Alaska and hosted Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House on Monday. The reaffirmations come a day after Caine convened a smaller meeting in Washington with defense chiefs from Germany, the U.K., France, Finland and Italy to prepare for Wednesday's broader NATO discussions. NATO military leaders reaffirm support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting with 32 allied chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov criticized NATO discussions on Ukraine’s security conducted without Moscow’s involvement, warning that "this will not work" and vowing Russia would "ensure its legitimate interests firmly and harshly," RIA Novosti reported, according to AP. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House did not immediately return Fox News Digital's request for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Jasmine Baehr is a Breaking News Writer for Fox News Digital, where she covers politics, the military, faith and culture. close Trump pushes to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelenskyy Fox News senior White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich reports on President Donald Trump’s efforts to get a meeting on the books between Ukraine and Russia on ‘Special Report.’ Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The NATO Chiefs of Defense reaffirmed support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting Wednesday in Brussels that included all 32 allied military leaders and featured the first briefing in this format led by U.S. Gen. Alexus Grynkewich, the new Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR). U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Dan Caine attended the meeting virtually, along with Grynkewich, who also leads U.S. European Command, U.S. officials confirmed to Fox News on Tuesday. NATO officials said in a statement that the "candid discussion" centered on what security guarantees the alliance might provide Ukraine as part of a potential peace agreement to end Russia’s three-year war. Col. Martin O’Donnell, spokesperson for Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe, wrote on X that "the Supreme Allied Commander was honored to brief the Chiefs of Defense, his first in such a format. As he has said before, ‘these are consequential times.'" JOINT CHIEFS, NATO COUNTERPARTS TO DISCUSS UKRAINE SECURITY GUARANTEES AFTER TRUMP SUGGESTS US AIR SUPPORT NATO military leaders meet during a virtual session with all 32 allied defense chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) "NATO has faced important times before — and these have only made our Alliance stronger. As we work through these important issues, we will all stay informed, engaged, and united in the defense of the Euro-Atlantic region and with NATO's ongoing support to Ukraine as progress towards peace continues," he added. The Chair of NATO’s Military Committee also praised the discussions, writing on X that it was a "great, candid discussion among NATO Chiefs of Defence" and an "excellent update on the security environment from our new SACEUR, his first with us." The chair added that the meeting confirmed support for Ukraine , emphasizing the alliance’s focus on a "just, credible and durable peace" and praising the "relentless courage" of Ukrainian forces. EUROPEAN 'COALITION OF THE WILLING' FORMS UNITED FRONT AS TRUMP PUSHES PUTIN-ZELENSKYY SUMMIT NATO Chiefs of Defense meet Wednesday in a virtual session. (NATO) NATO SCRAMBLES WARPLANES AS RUSSIA HITS NEAR ROMANIAN BORDER IN UKRAINE According to the Associated Press , assurances that Ukraine won’t face another invasion are seen as central to any settlement, with Kyiv pressing for Western-backed military commitments, including weapons and training. European allies are working on options for a multinational security force that could backstop a peace deal. Wednesday's virtual session unfolded against the backdrop of President Donald Trump’s push to steer Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy toward a settlement. Trump met with Putin last Friday in Alaska and hosted Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House on Monday. The reaffirmations come a day after Caine convened a smaller meeting in Washington with defense chiefs from Germany, the U.K., France, Finland and Italy to prepare for Wednesday's broader NATO discussions. NATO military leaders reaffirm support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting with 32 allied chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov criticized NATO discussions on Ukraine’s security conducted without Moscow’s involvement, warning that "this will not work" and vowing Russia would "ensure its legitimate interests firmly and harshly," RIA Novosti reported, according to AP. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House did not immediately return Fox News Digital's request for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Jasmine Baehr is a Breaking News Writer for Fox News Digital, where she covers politics, the military, faith and culture. close Trump pushes to arrange a meeting between Putin and Zelenskyy Fox News senior White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich reports on President Donald Trump’s efforts to get a meeting on the books between Ukraine and Russia on ‘Special Report.’ Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The NATO Chiefs of Defense reaffirmed support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting Wednesday in Brussels that included all 32 allied military leaders and featured the first briefing in this format led by U.S. Gen. Alexus Grynkewich, the new Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR). U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Dan Caine attended the meeting virtually, along with Grynkewich, who also leads U.S. European Command, U.S. officials confirmed to Fox News on Tuesday. NATO officials said in a statement that the "candid discussion" centered on what security guarantees the alliance might provide Ukraine as part of a potential peace agreement to end Russia’s three-year war. Col. Martin O’Donnell, spokesperson for Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe, wrote on X that "the Supreme Allied Commander was honored to brief the Chiefs of Defense, his first in such a format. As he has said before, ‘these are consequential times.'" JOINT CHIEFS, NATO COUNTERPARTS TO DISCUSS UKRAINE SECURITY GUARANTEES AFTER TRUMP SUGGESTS US AIR SUPPORT NATO military leaders meet during a virtual session with all 32 allied defense chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) "NATO has faced important times before — and these have only made our Alliance stronger. As we work through these important issues, we will all stay informed, engaged, and united in the defense of the Euro-Atlantic region and with NATO's ongoing support to Ukraine as progress towards peace continues," he added. The Chair of NATO’s Military Committee also praised the discussions, writing on X that it was a "great, candid discussion among NATO Chiefs of Defence" and an "excellent update on the security environment from our new SACEUR, his first with us." The chair added that the meeting confirmed support for Ukraine , emphasizing the alliance’s focus on a "just, credible and durable peace" and praising the "relentless courage" of Ukrainian forces. EUROPEAN 'COALITION OF THE WILLING' FORMS UNITED FRONT AS TRUMP PUSHES PUTIN-ZELENSKYY SUMMIT NATO Chiefs of Defense meet Wednesday in a virtual session. (NATO) NATO SCRAMBLES WARPLANES AS RUSSIA HITS NEAR ROMANIAN BORDER IN UKRAINE According to the Associated Press , assurances that Ukraine won’t face another invasion are seen as central to any settlement, with Kyiv pressing for Western-backed military commitments, including weapons and training. European allies are working on options for a multinational security force that could backstop a peace deal. Wednesday's virtual session unfolded against the backdrop of President Donald Trump’s push to steer Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy toward a settlement. Trump met with Putin last Friday in Alaska and hosted Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House on Monday. The reaffirmations come a day after Caine convened a smaller meeting in Washington with defense chiefs from Germany, the U.K., France, Finland and Italy to prepare for Wednesday's broader NATO discussions. NATO military leaders reaffirm support for Ukraine in a virtual meeting with 32 allied chiefs on Wednesday. (NATO) Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov criticized NATO discussions on Ukraine’s security conducted without Moscow’s involvement, warning that "this will not work" and vowing Russia would "ensure its legitimate interests firmly and harshly," RIA Novosti reported, according to AP. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House did not immediately return Fox News Digital's request for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Jasmine Baehr is a Breaking News Writer for Fox News Digital, where she covers politics, the military, faith and culture.