By David Mouriquand Published on 21/08/2025 - 16:46 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp It has been announced that thirteen rare and unreleased songs will feature on a new Anthology compilation – 'Anthology 4', the first in almost 30 years. And that's not all... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Beatles fans rejoice! The Beatles Anthology project returns this year with a new album featuring previously unreleased tracks, as well as a new book, documentary and a new music video. There had been speculation that the series would be making a comeback, especially when Paul McCartney shared a cryptic post online yesterday that seemed to nod towards previous releases. Now, it has been officially announced that thirteen rare and unreleased songs will feature on a new Anthology compilation – 'Anthology 4', the first in almost 30 years as the first three Anthology compilations were released between 1995 and 1996. The Beatles producer George Martin's son Giles has remastered versions of the first three Anthology compilations. All four will be released in a new box set in November, alongside the new "The Beatles Anthology Book – 25th Anniversary Edition", which will be available on 14 October. The book will include 1,300 photos, documents, artwork, and other memorabilia from the band’s archives. ADVERTISEMENT The full track listing for 'Anthology 4' has yet to be revealed – even if we know that there will be new mixes of the songs ‘Free As A Bird’ and ‘Real Love’. The original ‘Free As A Bird’ music video has also been restored, which you check out below. It has also been announced that a documentary series, The Beatles Anthology , will be streamed on Disney+ on 26 November. It is billed as "The Beatles' story, in their own words". ADVERTISEMENT This comes after The Beatles made headlines and topped the charts with their “last song” ‘Now And Then’ in 2023 – a song which used AI to extract John Lennon’s vocals from an old demo. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more McCartney’s 1960s Beatles photos offer rare behind-the-scenes glimpse The Beatles: All four actors set to play the Fab Four revealed Beatles gig venue in Liverpool transformed into B&B by Pete Best ringo starr Paul McCartney Pop music Music The Beatles Duolingo apologises after app calls JK Rowling ‘mean’ in German lesson By David Mouriquand Published on 21/08/2025 - 16:46 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp It has been announced that thirteen rare and unreleased songs will feature on a new Anthology compilation – 'Anthology 4', the first in almost 30 years. And that's not all... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Beatles fans rejoice! The Beatles Anthology project returns this year with a new album featuring previously unreleased tracks, as well as a new book, documentary and a new music video. There had been speculation that the series would be making a comeback, especially when Paul McCartney shared a cryptic post online yesterday that seemed to nod towards previous releases. Now, it has been officially announced that thirteen rare and unreleased songs will feature on a new Anthology compilation – 'Anthology 4', the first in almost 30 years as the first three Anthology compilations were released between 1995 and 1996. The Beatles producer George Martin's son Giles has remastered versions of the first three Anthology compilations. All four will be released in a new box set in November, alongside the new "The Beatles Anthology Book – 25th Anniversary Edition", which will be available on 14 October. The book will include 1,300 photos, documents, artwork, and other memorabilia from the band’s archives. ADVERTISEMENT The full track listing for 'Anthology 4' has yet to be revealed – even if we know that there will be new mixes of the songs ‘Free As A Bird’ and ‘Real Love’. The original ‘Free As A Bird’ music video has also been restored, which you check out below. It has also been announced that a documentary series, The Beatles Anthology , will be streamed on Disney+ on 26 November. It is billed as "The Beatles' story, in their own words". ADVERTISEMENT This comes after The Beatles made headlines and topped the charts with their “last song” ‘Now And Then’ in 2023 – a song which used AI to extract John Lennon’s vocals from an old demo. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more McCartney’s 1960s Beatles photos offer rare behind-the-scenes glimpse The Beatles: All four actors set to play the Fab Four revealed Beatles gig venue in Liverpool transformed into B&B by Pete Best ringo starr Paul McCartney Pop music Music The Beatles Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp McCartney’s 1960s Beatles photos offer rare behind-the-scenes glimpse The Beatles: All four actors set to play the Fab Four revealed Beatles gig venue in Liverpool transformed into B&B by Pete Best