By Gavin Blackburn Published on 20/08/2025 - 13:54 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp Israel is preparing a major military operation in Gaza City, calling up tens of thousands of reservists. Human rights groups warn of a worsening humanitarian crisis. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Israel is preparing to launch an expanded military operation in Gaza City, saying it will call up 60,000 reservists as negotiators scramble to strike a ceasefire to end 22 months of fighting between Israel and Hamas. The Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) said on Wednesday that the Defence Minister Israel Katz has approved plans to begin a new phase of operations in one of Gaza's most densely populated areas, and that it would also lengthen the service of an additional 20,000 reservists currently part of its forces. It comes as human rights groups warn that a humanitarian crisis could worsen in the Strip, where most residents have been displaced, vast neighbourhoods lie in ruins and communities are facing the threat of famine. An Israeli army official, speaking on the condition of anonymity in line with military regulations, said that forces will be stationed in parts of Gaza City where the IDF has not yet operated and where it believes Hamas is still active. The official said that Israeli troops are already operating in the Zeitoun and Jabaliya neighbourhoods of Gaza City to prepare the groundwork for the expanded operation, which is expected to receive approval from the chief of staff in the coming days. ADVERTISEMENT Gaza City is Hamas' main military and governing stronghold and Israeli troops will be targeting the militant group’s vast underground tunnel network, the official added. Although Israel has targeted and killed much of Hamas' senior leadership, parts of it are actively regrouping and carrying out attacks, including launching rockets towards Israel, according to the official. Operation could begin within days It remains unclear when the operation will begin, but it is thought it could be in a matter of days. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has consistently said the main objectives of the war are to secure the release of the remaining hostages and ensure Hamas and other militants can never again threaten Israel. Related Verifying claims Spain sent humanitarian supplies in bad condition to Gaza Aid drivers hope for Gaza entry as Egyptian and Palestinian leaders meet at Rafah crossing The planned offensive, first announced earlier this month, has heightened international concerns, fuelling fears of another mass displacement among Palestinians. Netanyahu said on 9 August that it would span parts of Gaza City and the central camps. Hundreds of thousands of displaced people are sheltering in the city and it holds some of the last remnants of critical infrastructure. ADVERTISEMENT Some reservists question war's goals The call-up comes against a backdrop of a growing campaign of exhausted reservists accusing the government of perpetuating the war for political reasons and failing to bring home the remaining hostages. The families of the hostages and former army and intelligence chiefs have also expressed opposition to the expanded operation in Gaza City. Most of the families of the hostages want an immediate ceasefire and worry an expanded assault could endanger the lives of the 50 hostages still in Gaza. Israel believes that 20 of them are still alive. The former military and intelligence chiefs are sceptical that the goal of completely destroying Hamas is attainable. Former Shin Bet head Yoram Cohen called it a "fantasy," saying that "if anyone imagines that we can reach every terrorist and every pit and every weapon, and in parallel bring our hostages home — I think it is impossible." Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Israel under pressure to respond to ceasefire proposal as strikes on Gaza continue Ship with hundreds of tonnes of food aid for Gaza nears Israeli port after leaving Cyprus Hamas tells mediators it accepts latest Gaza ceasefire proposal, reports claim israel defense forces IDF Hamas The Gaza Strip Palestine Benjamin Netanyahu Israel Hamas war Kazakhstan breaks ground on first modern nuclear power plant France investigates death of streamer over concerns of 'horrifying' violence By Gavin Blackburn Published on 20/08/2025 - 13:54 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp Israel is preparing a major military operation in Gaza City, calling up tens of thousands of reservists. Human rights groups warn of a worsening humanitarian crisis. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Israel is preparing to launch an expanded military operation in Gaza City, saying it will call up 60,000 reservists as negotiators scramble to strike a ceasefire to end 22 months of fighting between Israel and Hamas. The Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) said on Wednesday that the Defence Minister Israel Katz has approved plans to begin a new phase of operations in one of Gaza's most densely populated areas, and that it would also lengthen the service of an additional 20,000 reservists currently part of its forces. It comes as human rights groups warn that a humanitarian crisis could worsen in the Strip, where most residents have been displaced, vast neighbourhoods lie in ruins and communities are facing the threat of famine. An Israeli army official, speaking on the condition of anonymity in line with military regulations, said that forces will be stationed in parts of Gaza City where the IDF has not yet operated and where it believes Hamas is still active. The official said that Israeli troops are already operating in the Zeitoun and Jabaliya neighbourhoods of Gaza City to prepare the groundwork for the expanded operation, which is expected to receive approval from the chief of staff in the coming days. ADVERTISEMENT Gaza City is Hamas' main military and governing stronghold and Israeli troops will be targeting the militant group’s vast underground tunnel network, the official added. Although Israel has targeted and killed much of Hamas' senior leadership, parts of it are actively regrouping and carrying out attacks, including launching rockets towards Israel, according to the official. Operation could begin within days It remains unclear when the operation will begin, but it is thought it could be in a matter of days. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has consistently said the main objectives of the war are to secure the release of the remaining hostages and ensure Hamas and other militants can never again threaten Israel. Related Verifying claims Spain sent humanitarian supplies in bad condition to Gaza Aid drivers hope for Gaza entry as Egyptian and Palestinian leaders meet at Rafah crossing The planned offensive, first announced earlier this month, has heightened international concerns, fuelling fears of another mass displacement among Palestinians. Netanyahu said on 9 August that it would span parts of Gaza City and the central camps. Hundreds of thousands of displaced people are sheltering in the city and it holds some of the last remnants of critical infrastructure. ADVERTISEMENT Some reservists question war's goals The call-up comes against a backdrop of a growing campaign of exhausted reservists accusing the government of perpetuating the war for political reasons and failing to bring home the remaining hostages. The families of the hostages and former army and intelligence chiefs have also expressed opposition to the expanded operation in Gaza City. Most of the families of the hostages want an immediate ceasefire and worry an expanded assault could endanger the lives of the 50 hostages still in Gaza. Israel believes that 20 of them are still alive. The former military and intelligence chiefs are sceptical that the goal of completely destroying Hamas is attainable. Former Shin Bet head Yoram Cohen called it a "fantasy," saying that "if anyone imagines that we can reach every terrorist and every pit and every weapon, and in parallel bring our hostages home — I think it is impossible." Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Israel under pressure to respond to ceasefire proposal as strikes on Gaza continue Ship with hundreds of tonnes of food aid for Gaza nears Israeli port after leaving Cyprus Hamas tells mediators it accepts latest Gaza ceasefire proposal, reports claim israel defense forces IDF Hamas The Gaza Strip Palestine Benjamin Netanyahu Israel Hamas war Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp