By David Mouriquand Published on 20/08/2025 - 14:11 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp The director of 'Pulp Fiction' and 'Kill Bill' has revealed that his next project is a theatre play that will go into production in early 2026 in London. He plans to relocated to the UK, and if the show is successful, he added that the project could become his final film. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Director Quentin Tarantino has said he plans to open his first play in London’s West End and revealed he wants to move to England with his family in 2026 in order to better oversee the project. The 62-year-old two-time Oscar winner, best known for movies like Pulp Fiction , Jackie Brown , Kill Bill and Inglorious Basterds , told The Church of Tarantino podcast that the play would take up to two years of his life. He said that the play – as yet untitled - “is all written, it is absolutely the next thing that I’m going to [do] and we will start the ball rolling on it in January.” Tarantino stated that “it’ll probably be a year before it’s in front of an audience,” meaning that a potential world premiere would be in 2027. “I’m preparing for it to be a success. If it is a flop, then I will be done very quickly,” he added. He also said that if the play is a hit, the project could become his final film. (Tarantino has long maintained that he wants to go out at the top of his game and that he wants to only direct 10 movies... Even if we'd argue he already has .) ADVERTISEMENT The filmmaker currently lives in Israel with his wife, singer Daniella Pick, and their two children. He told the podcast he’s having a “great time” with his children and plans to “hang out” with his family for the rest of the year before “more than likely” relocating them to England for the play. The timing of the move has raised some eyebrows, with some commenting online that his relocation could be linked to the mounting condemnation of Israel’s actions in Gaza. However, neither Tarantino nor Pick have addressed the topic directly. Tarantino, who previously adapted his 2019 film Once Upon A Time In Hollywood into a play and staged The Hateful Eight through a live reading of the script in 2015 after it was leaked, has recently written the screenplay for the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Hollywood . The upcoming Netflix film, titled The Adventures Of Cliff Booth , will focus on Brad Pitt’s character from the original film and will be directed by David Fincher. Tarantino explained on the Church of Tarantino podcast why he isn’t directing the sequel: “I think me and David Fincher are the two best directors. So the idea that David Fincher actually wants to adapt my work, to me, shows a level of seriousness towards my work that I think needs to be taken into account.” Tarantino also revealed why he decided to “pull the plug” on his planned film The Movie Critic . “No one’s waiting for this thing, per se. I mean, I can do it whenever I want, it’s already written,” he explained. “Every Tarantino title promises so much, except The Movie Critic. Who wants to see a TV show about a fucking movie critic? Who wants to see a movie called The Movie Critic? If I can actually make a movie or a TV show about somebody who watches movies interesting, that is an accomplishment.” ADVERTISEMENT Principal photography for The Adventures Of Cliff Booth began last month and the film is expected to wrap early January 2026. No release date has yet been confirmed. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Tarantino & Fincher team up for 'Once Upon A Time In Hollywood' sequel Why has Quentin Tarantino scrapped his final film 'The Movie Critic'? Cancel the rampage: Quentin Tarantino quashes 'Kill Bill 3' rumours Theatre United Kingdom Film Quentin Tarantino Cinema London Former FBI chief James Comey sparks MAGA outrage over his Taylor Swift confession By David Mouriquand Published on 20/08/2025 - 14:11 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp The director of 'Pulp Fiction' and 'Kill Bill' has revealed that his next project is a theatre play that will go into production in early 2026 in London. He plans to relocated to the UK, and if the show is successful, he added that the project could become his final film. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Director Quentin Tarantino has said he plans to open his first play in London’s West End and revealed he wants to move to England with his family in 2026 in order to better oversee the project. The 62-year-old two-time Oscar winner, best known for movies like Pulp Fiction , Jackie Brown , Kill Bill and Inglorious Basterds , told The Church of Tarantino podcast that the play would take up to two years of his life. He said that the play – as yet untitled - “is all written, it is absolutely the next thing that I’m going to [do] and we will start the ball rolling on it in January.” Tarantino stated that “it’ll probably be a year before it’s in front of an audience,” meaning that a potential world premiere would be in 2027. “I’m preparing for it to be a success. If it is a flop, then I will be done very quickly,” he added. He also said that if the play is a hit, the project could become his final film. (Tarantino has long maintained that he wants to go out at the top of his game and that he wants to only direct 10 movies... Even if we'd argue he already has .) ADVERTISEMENT The filmmaker currently lives in Israel with his wife, singer Daniella Pick, and their two children. He told the podcast he’s having a “great time” with his children and plans to “hang out” with his family for the rest of the year before “more than likely” relocating them to England for the play. The timing of the move has raised some eyebrows, with some commenting online that his relocation could be linked to the mounting condemnation of Israel’s actions in Gaza. However, neither Tarantino nor Pick have addressed the topic directly. Tarantino, who previously adapted his 2019 film Once Upon A Time In Hollywood into a play and staged The Hateful Eight through a live reading of the script in 2015 after it was leaked, has recently written the screenplay for the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Hollywood . The upcoming Netflix film, titled The Adventures Of Cliff Booth , will focus on Brad Pitt’s character from the original film and will be directed by David Fincher. Tarantino explained on the Church of Tarantino podcast why he isn’t directing the sequel: “I think me and David Fincher are the two best directors. So the idea that David Fincher actually wants to adapt my work, to me, shows a level of seriousness towards my work that I think needs to be taken into account.” Tarantino also revealed why he decided to “pull the plug” on his planned film The Movie Critic . “No one’s waiting for this thing, per se. I mean, I can do it whenever I want, it’s already written,” he explained. “Every Tarantino title promises so much, except The Movie Critic. Who wants to see a TV show about a fucking movie critic? Who wants to see a movie called The Movie Critic? If I can actually make a movie or a TV show about somebody who watches movies interesting, that is an accomplishment.” ADVERTISEMENT Principal photography for The Adventures Of Cliff Booth began last month and the film is expected to wrap early January 2026. No release date has yet been confirmed. Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more Tarantino & Fincher team up for 'Once Upon A Time In Hollywood' sequel Why has Quentin Tarantino scrapped his final film 'The Movie Critic'? Cancel the rampage: Quentin Tarantino quashes 'Kill Bill 3' rumours Theatre United Kingdom Film Quentin Tarantino Cinema London Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp Tarantino & Fincher team up for 'Once Upon A Time In Hollywood' sequel Why has Quentin Tarantino scrapped his final film 'The Movie Critic'? Cancel the rampage: Quentin Tarantino quashes 'Kill Bill 3' rumours