close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving the Lone Star State's legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy… unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree." LONE STAR STATE RIVALS FOR US SENATE COMPETE TO WRANGLE RUNAWAY DEMOCRATS Republicans Rep. Chip Roy and Sen. Ted Cruz join President Donald Trump, state and local leaders, first responders and flash flooding victims during a meeting at the Hill Country Youth Event Center on July 11, 2025, in Kerrville, Texas. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) The race is slated for November 2026 – the same time as Republicans defend a slim minority in the House during the midterm elections. A primary is scheduled for March. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is eligible for a fourth term but is not seeking re-election as the state's top prosecutor. In April, Paxton announced that he was instead running a 2026 primary challenge to U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, making for a clash between two powerful Republicans that could have state and national implications. 'NOT A POLITICIAN': FATHER OF YOUNG CANCER SURVIVOR DJ DANIEL RUNS FOR TEXAS 18TH DISTRICT SEAT Rep. Chip Roy, T-Texas speaks about the ongoing negotiations between House leadership, the White House and the House Freedom Caucus on the "One, Big, Beautiful Bill" at the U.S. Capitol Building on May 21, 2025. (Andrew Harnik/Getty Images) Roy, policy chair of the far-right House Freedom Caucus, said it has been an honor to represent the 21st Congressional District and that he was particularly proud "of our work to deliver on President Trump's agenda and fight to drain the swamp." "I could do it forever and be fulfilled professionally. But representatives should not be permanent. And my experience watching Texans unite in response to the devastating Hill Country floods made clear that I want to come home," Roy, who has served the central Texas district since 2019, said in a statement. "I want to take my experience in Congress, as a federal prosecutor, and as First Assistant Attorney General to fight for Texas from Texas." Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, and Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky., participate in a House Judiciary Subcommittee hearing on April 1, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Texas is under assault – from open-border politicians, radical leftists and faceless foreign corporations that threaten our sovereignty, safety and our way of life," Roy said. "It's time to draw a line in the sand. As Attorney General, I will fight every single day for our God-given rights, for our families and for the future of Texas." This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace . close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving the Lone Star State's legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy… unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree." LONE STAR STATE RIVALS FOR US SENATE COMPETE TO WRANGLE RUNAWAY DEMOCRATS Republicans Rep. Chip Roy and Sen. Ted Cruz join President Donald Trump, state and local leaders, first responders and flash flooding victims during a meeting at the Hill Country Youth Event Center on July 11, 2025, in Kerrville, Texas. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) The race is slated for November 2026 – the same time as Republicans defend a slim minority in the House during the midterm elections. A primary is scheduled for March. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is eligible for a fourth term but is not seeking re-election as the state's top prosecutor. In April, Paxton announced that he was instead running a 2026 primary challenge to U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, making for a clash between two powerful Republicans that could have state and national implications. 'NOT A POLITICIAN': FATHER OF YOUNG CANCER SURVIVOR DJ DANIEL RUNS FOR TEXAS 18TH DISTRICT SEAT Rep. Chip Roy, T-Texas speaks about the ongoing negotiations between House leadership, the White House and the House Freedom Caucus on the "One, Big, Beautiful Bill" at the U.S. Capitol Building on May 21, 2025. (Andrew Harnik/Getty Images) Roy, policy chair of the far-right House Freedom Caucus, said it has been an honor to represent the 21st Congressional District and that he was particularly proud "of our work to deliver on President Trump's agenda and fight to drain the swamp." "I could do it forever and be fulfilled professionally. But representatives should not be permanent. And my experience watching Texans unite in response to the devastating Hill Country floods made clear that I want to come home," Roy, who has served the central Texas district since 2019, said in a statement. "I want to take my experience in Congress, as a federal prosecutor, and as First Assistant Attorney General to fight for Texas from Texas." Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, and Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky., participate in a House Judiciary Subcommittee hearing on April 1, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Texas is under assault – from open-border politicians, radical leftists and faceless foreign corporations that threaten our sovereignty, safety and our way of life," Roy said. "It's time to draw a line in the sand. As Attorney General, I will fight every single day for our God-given rights, for our families and for the future of Texas." This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace . close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving the Lone Star State's legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy… unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree." LONE STAR STATE RIVALS FOR US SENATE COMPETE TO WRANGLE RUNAWAY DEMOCRATS Republicans Rep. Chip Roy and Sen. Ted Cruz join President Donald Trump, state and local leaders, first responders and flash flooding victims during a meeting at the Hill Country Youth Event Center on July 11, 2025, in Kerrville, Texas. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) The race is slated for November 2026 – the same time as Republicans defend a slim minority in the House during the midterm elections. A primary is scheduled for March. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is eligible for a fourth term but is not seeking re-election as the state's top prosecutor. In April, Paxton announced that he was instead running a 2026 primary challenge to U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, making for a clash between two powerful Republicans that could have state and national implications. 'NOT A POLITICIAN': FATHER OF YOUNG CANCER SURVIVOR DJ DANIEL RUNS FOR TEXAS 18TH DISTRICT SEAT Rep. Chip Roy, T-Texas speaks about the ongoing negotiations between House leadership, the White House and the House Freedom Caucus on the "One, Big, Beautiful Bill" at the U.S. Capitol Building on May 21, 2025. (Andrew Harnik/Getty Images) Roy, policy chair of the far-right House Freedom Caucus, said it has been an honor to represent the 21st Congressional District and that he was particularly proud "of our work to deliver on President Trump's agenda and fight to drain the swamp." "I could do it forever and be fulfilled professionally. But representatives should not be permanent. And my experience watching Texans unite in response to the devastating Hill Country floods made clear that I want to come home," Roy, who has served the central Texas district since 2019, said in a statement. "I want to take my experience in Congress, as a federal prosecutor, and as First Assistant Attorney General to fight for Texas from Texas." Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, and Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky., participate in a House Judiciary Subcommittee hearing on April 1, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Texas is under assault – from open-border politicians, radical leftists and faceless foreign corporations that threaten our sovereignty, safety and our way of life," Roy said. "It's time to draw a line in the sand. As Attorney General, I will fight every single day for our God-given rights, for our families and for the future of Texas." This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace .