China news, features, photos and videos | Ecns.cn 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Xi will review troop formations lining up along Chang'an Avenue during V-Day parade: official Headlines Xizang strides toward modernization China, India agree to uphold ties China, U.S. trade talks boost investor optimism China-SCO trade hits record high in first 7 months China eases rules on private pension withdrawals Sichuan Football City League to kick off Sept. 20 U.S. government in talks to take 10 percent of Intel Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent LINE Politics Economy Society Odd Military Sci-tech Culture Sports Panda The Yangtze River Delta serves as a model for Chinese modernization Aug 20,2025 A freight train being loaded at the Yiwu West Railway Station in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province, viewed from above, on April 11, 2025./ VCG By the first half of 2025, the Yangtze River Delta region contributed 24.8 percent of China's total economic output, continuing to create miracles in regional integration. Wang Yi reaches Kabul for China-Afghanistan-Pakistan Foreign Ministers' Dialogue Aug 20,2025 A file photo of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee./VCG Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, arrived in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Wednesday for the 6th China-Afghanistan-Pakistan Foreign Ministers' Dialogue. Xi arrives in Lhasa for celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Aug 20,2025 Chinese President Xi Jinping, who leads a central delegation, arrived in Lhasa, capital of Xizang Autonomous Region, on Wednesday to attend activities in celebration of the region's 60th founding anniversary. China-India foreign ministers' meeting achieves 10 outcomes Aug 20,2025 Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, held talks with his Indian counterpart Subrahmanyam Jaishankar here on Monday. Trump: US may assist Ukraine security Aug 20,2025 The White House said on Tuesday that US aircraft could be used to support security guarantees for Ukraine, while reaffirming that American troops will not be deployed on the ground. Xizang strides toward modernization Aug 20,2025 When Dondrak, in his 20s, began working in the early 1980s as a primary-level doctor in a remote village in the city of Nagqu, about 300 kilometers from Lhasa, regional capital of the Xizang autonomous region, his duties often meant riding horseback or trekking on foot at an average altitude above 4,500 meters. More Students from BRI countries account for majority of Tsinghua University's international freshmen Aug 20,2025 Tsinghua University welcomed around 4,000 freshmen for its 2025 undergraduates on Wednesday, with international students from Belt and Road partner countries accounting for the largest share of overseas enrollees. China Eastern Airlines announces new Shanghai-Yiwu route Aug 20,2025 China Eastern Airlines announced on Tuesday it will launch a new daily flight between Yiwu, Zhejiang province and Shanghai Pudong International Airport on September 10, in a bid to enhance international transit connections through the East China economic hub. China-SCO trade hits record high in first seven months Aug 20,2025 China's goods trade with other member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) reached a record high in the first seven months of this year, official data showed. Tianjin marks 40 years with Airbus Aug 20,2025 Components for Airbus A320 aircraft have arrived at Tianjin Port aboard the COSCO Shipping Sagittarius from Europe. New policy fuels rise in fertility treatments Aug 20,2025 Unable to conceive naturally, Wang, a resident of Changchun in Northeast China's Jilin province, could not opt for fertility treatment due to the hefty cost — sometimes more than 20,000 yuan ($2,786) per cycle. So when she learned that assisted reproductive services had been included in the province's medical insurance program, she hesitated no more. China's consumption market experiences five-year boom Aug 19,2025 During the 14th Five-Year Plan period (2021-25), China's consumer market remained firmly in second place globally. Total retail sales of consumer goods rose from 39.1 trillion yuan ($5.44 trillion) in 2020 to 48.3 trillion yuan in 2024, with an average annual growth rate of 5.5 percent. More Air quality improves as clean heating advances across northern China Aug 20,2025 It will also advise various market players on the best way to participate in clean heating project investment and operation, promote clean and efficient technologies, and continuously enhance public endorsement of clean heating. Since 2017, China has included 88 cities in its clean heating support program. China Eastern Airlines announces new Shanghai-Yiwu route Aug 20,2025 China Eastern Airlines announced on Tuesday it will launch a new daily flight between Yiwu, Zhejiang province and Shanghai Pudong International Airport on September 10, in a bid to enhance international transit connections through the East China economic hub. Threat of floods remains after peak season ends Aug 20,2025 China faces continued flood risks even though the peak flood season has ended, the Ministry of Water Resources said on Monday, warning that the possibility of extreme weather events remains. Country advances national park system Aug 20,2025 China has made significant strides in promoting its national park system, with improvements noticeable in the diversity, stability and sustainability of ecosystems, said Liu Guohong, head of the National Forestry and Grassland Administration. Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Aug 20,2025 Job seekers attend a job fair opened in Haikou, South China's Hainan province, on July 26, 2025.Application processes remain streamlined, with most approvals automated via tax agency systems, said Zhao Wei of the Hainan Human Resources Bureau. Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects Aug 20,2025 Southwest China's Xizang Autonomous Region will allocate an additional 2 billion yuan (about $280.4 million) to launch 10 new livelihood initiatives, the regional government has said. More Elderly crowding a KFC in E China's Shandong to escape heat sparks online discussion Jul 21,2025 A video clip showing several elderly people occupying seats at a KFC restaurant in Liaocheng, East China's Shandong Province, has sparked heated online discussions. Some netizens noted that while the elderly seeking relief from the heat is understandable during hot weather, the restaurant is a place of business and is not obligated to provide such services. A taste of history Jun 25,2025 In the home of 36-year-old Zou Minglei in Wuhan, Hubei province, you'll find some of China's most cherished museum artifacts — not originals, but remarkably lifelike reproductions made of cake and chocolate. 5,000-year-old tree a 'living relic' Jun 18,2025 An ancient tree in Shaanxi province is no longer a lonely watcher; it now participates in modern people's lives. Endangered orchid species rediscovered in China's Guangxi Nov 19,2024 A rare and endangered orchid species -- Hairy Lady’s Slipper was found again at Huaping National Nature Reserve in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, according to local Forestry Bureau. Ningxia launches new pet flight service Oct 18,2024 A chartered flight for pets landed in Zhongwei, Ningxia Hui autonomous region, on Oct. 16, inaugurating a new service model for the local airport. Generation Z in China turns to stones as trendy new pets Sep 14,2024 The latest pet craze sweeping the younger generation in China is different from what people expected, as stones become the beloved companions of the Generation Z. More China to hold press conference on military parade preparations Aug 18,2025 Two senior military officials, Wu Zeke and Xu Guizhong, will present details on the parade arrangements and address questions from the press. 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Aug 15,2025 Despite his hearing loss and unsteady legs, Wang Yonglao, the 98-year-old veteran, still spoke vividly when recalling the wartime stories decades ago. China's defense minister reiterates PLA's readiness for national reunification Aug 01,2025 The Ministry of National Defense hosts a reception at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, July 31, 2025.On September 3, China will hold a military paradein Beijing's Tiananmen Square to celebrate the anniversary of victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression and the World Anti-Fascist War. Israel evacuates diplomatic staff in UAE over alleged attack risk Aug 01,2025 Israel has evacuated most of its diplomatic mission staff from the United Arab Emirates after its National Security Council (NSC) cited an alleged increased threat of attack from terrorist organizations. Xi signs order to unveil flag patterns of four PLA branches Aug 01,2025 Xi Jinping, chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), has signed an order to unveil the flag patterns of four branches of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA), namely the aerospace force, cyberspace force, information support force and joint logistics support force. Flag patterns for four branches of PLA unveiled Aug 01,2025 This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45) and the World Anti-Fascist War. The year also marks the final phase of the journey toward achieving the centenary goals of the People's Liberation Army in 2027, making it necessary to stay on track, harness the core strengths of a "people's war" and mobilize the people for just causes. More China launches AIRSAT-05 satellite featuring advanced on-orbit intelligence Aug 20,2025 Satellite AIRSAT-05 was successfully launched from the Dongfeng commercial space pilot zone in northwest China on Monday and had entered its designated orbit, the Aerospace Information Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences announced on Tuesday. Beijing games showcase robotics innovation Aug 19,2025 The inaugural World Humanoid Robot Games in Beijing have showcased how sport is accelerating robotics innovation and capturing public imagination. Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Aug 19,2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery Aug 19,2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 "Kunlong" amphibious aircraft has successfully completed its production test flight in Zhuhai City, south China's Guangdong Province, Aviation Industry Corporation of China said on Sunday, marking a step toward customer delivery and operational deployment. Tsinghua University partners with major African developer for communication research hub Aug 19,2025 Its inauguration ceremony coincided with a symposium attended by Zhao Yuezhi, director of the Research and Teaching Base for Global South Communication at Tsinghua University. More Popularity of Zanhua lifts incomes of local residents in Quanzhou Aug 20,2025 From a young age, Bai Lan, 71, has been involved in the traditional practice of Zanhua — the craft of pinning a colorful floral accessory headdress — in Quanzhou, East China's Fujian province. Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Aug 20,2025 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Aug 19,2025 The China National Tourist Office New York held a "Nihao! China" Tourism Promotion Reception on Tuesday at New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts. The reception was hosted in cooperation with the Silkroad Ensemble, with the aim of highlighting the power of music and cultural exchanges in inspiring travel and fostering mutual understanding between China and the United States. The water blossoms of Lugu Lake Aug 14,2025 Every summer, tiny white flowers quietly bloom across the surface of Lugu Lake. Their botanical name is ottelia acuminata, a plant extremely sensitive to its environment – only the clearest, purest waters can nurture its delicate existence. 'Dongji Rescue': Finding humanity on a sinking ship Aug 13,2025 In 1942, off the coast of China's Dongji Island, a real-life shipwreck turned into a brutal experiment in human nature, laying bare the extremes of cruelty and compassion. The incident exposed the war crimes of the Japanese military and the unflinching kindness of Chinese fishermen – two choices so starkly opposed that you can still feel the shock eight decades later. Shanghai preserves agri-heritage through global youth program Aug 13,2025 Young representatives from 13 countries gathered in Shanghai to launch a program focused on developing sustainable approaches to preserving agricultural heritage systems. More Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19,2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? Chengdu World Games concludes amid wide acclaim Aug 18,2025 A representative of Karlsruhe, Germany waves the International World Games Association flag at the closing ceremony of the 12th World Games in Chengdu, Sichuan province, marking the handover for hosting the 13th edition of the games in 2029. Wushu, dragon boat racing to remain competitive sports at World Games Aug 18,2025 International World Games Association (IWGA) President Jose Perurena confirmed plans to retain wushu and dragon boat racing as official competitive sports in the future World Games. The World Games 2025 closes in Chengdu Aug 18,2025 Fireworks are seen during the closing ceremony of The World Games 2025 in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, August 17, 2025.The Games, featuring 34 sports, 60 disciplines and 256 events, ran from August 7 to 17 under the slogan "Boundless Sports, Countless Wonders." China sent a 489-member delegation, its largest in the event's history. Human-machine symbiosis on full display at Beijing games Aug 15,2025 Stefan Hensel, supervisor of Germany's Sweaty team, praised the Beijing event as "a nice and open community and an Olympic Games for the industry".Some viewers online said the humanoid soccer matches lacked excitement, as the robots moved stiffly and made clumsy decisions on the pitch. Chinese climber dies in rockfall after summiting K2 Aug 15,2025 Chinese mountaineer Guan Jing was killed Tuesday night by falling rocks after successfully reaching the summit of K2, the world's second-highest peak at 8,611 meters, located in the Karakoram Range on the Pakistan-China border. More Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China Aug 19,2025 Giant pandas enjoy summer treats in Chengdu Jul 11,2025 Giant pandas were seen adorably lounging in their enclosures Thursday, enjoying delicious treats. Chinese panda twins celebrate 2nd birthday in S. Korea Jul 07,2025 Female giant panda twins Rui Bao and Hui Bao born in South Korea celebrated their second birthday on Monday. Their home Everland theme park threw a special birthday party for them. First giant panda cub of 2025 born at panda base in SW China's Sichuan Jun 26,2025 The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda (CCRCGP) on Wednesday said the Shenshuping Base in southwest China's Sichuan Province had welcomed this year's first giant panda cub in captivity. Giant pandas enjoy cool summer of plateau in northwest China Jun 11,2025 As China’s largest standalone panda enclosure, the Xining Panda House is home to four giant pandas: one male and three females. Giant pandas enjoy special treat for Dragon Boat Festival May 30,2025 Giant panda "Mei Zhu" enjoys a special meal for the Dragon Boat Festival at the Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, May 29, 2025. More More Video World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' (W.E. Talk) Chinese bamboo industry enters EU market? China-EU green innovation deserves credit (W.E. Talk) European scholar: China-Europe Railway Express becomes the blood vessel for Europe's economic development 98-yr-old Chinese veteran: I was just a single drop in the great tide of anti-aggression resistance Qingcheng Tai Chi attracts Chengdu World Games athletes China, Europe should seek common interests and new opportunities for cooperation amid global transformation: scholar Follow the World Games to Explore Sichuan | Discovering ancient Shu civilization through sport climbing More Ecns wire Developer of Black Myth: Wukong announces new game Students from BRI countries account for majority of Tsinghua University's international freshmen Sichuan Football City League to kick off Sept. 20 China-SCO trade hits record high in first seven months New armaments set for debut at China's V-Day parade Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge More Feature Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes Temporary shelters house deluge victims Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Infographics Giant Titan Arums fruit at National Botanical Garden Shanghai issues 'nucleic acid sampling certificates' to ensure mass testing More Photo Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]