The Yangtze River Delta serves as a model for Chinese modernization 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics The Yangtze River Delta serves as a model for Chinese modernization Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-20 16:43:43 CGTN Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download Editor's note: Song Xueyin is the deputy director of the Future Regional Development Laboratory, Zhejiang University. The article reflects the author's opinions and not necessarily the views of CGTN. It has been translated from Chinese and edited for brevity and clarity. This year marks the seventh year since the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta became a national strategy. Since its elevation to a national strategy in 2018, the top-level planning for integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta has continued to deepen, with Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Anhui pursuing innovative solutions to "remove administrative barriers without redrawing administrative jurisdictions," translating the blueprint for high-quality development into real-life progress. By the first half of 2025, the Yangtze River Delta region contributed 24.8 percent of China's total economic output, continuing to create miracles in regional integration. Driving powerful regional partnerships and cross-sector collaboration Breakthroughs have been made in the cross-regional industrial division of labor and the construction of world-class emerging production networks. Integration does not mean uniformity, nor does it preclude competition. Rather, it means a landscape where cities identify their strategic roles and industrial specializations through powerful partnerships and cross-sector collaboration, all built upon full and compliant competition among tens of millions of market players. In 2024, the Yangtze River Delta accelerated the development of a world-class hub of advanced industrial clusters with distinct divisions of labor and strong partnerships. Specifically, the region's integrated circuit industry accounted for 60 percent of the national total, artificial intelligence for about one-third, and new-energy vehicle production for roughly 40 percent. Shanghai is prioritizing integrated circuits and new-energy vehicles; Nanjing has developed characteristic industries of software and information services; Hangzhou is distinguished by cloud computing, large models, video security, and more; and Wuxi is rapidly rising in fields such as the Internet of Things and aircraft engines. Strengthening cross-regional policy design for shared science and technology resources A closer cross-regional innovation community has been built. In recent years, the three provinces and one municipality in the delta region have promoted cross-regional scientific and technological policy design and the sharing of science and technology resources. Through these efforts, they have launched joint innovation experiments, nurtured an ecosystem for innovation and entrepreneurship, reduced regional innovation costs, and achieved systemic results in developing new, high-quality productive forces. The innovation vouchers introduced in the Yangtze River Delta are now valid across the three provinces and one municipality, effectively broadening the pool of high-potential innovative enterprises and ensuring that effective innovation funds are genuinely channeled to the most efficient enterprises. Large-scale scientific instruments are now shared across provinces, reducing redundant investments caused by administrative divisions. These policies and institutional designs facilitate the wider flow, recombination, and allocation of scientific research resources, igniting powerful dynamism for innovation and competition. Enhancing public services and promoting greater labor mobility across the delta region Cross-regional services have been coordinated for higher standards of public well-being. Enhancing people's well-being is the ultimate goal of high-quality integration in the Yangtze River Delta. Through integrated development, public resources are utilized to the fullest, and gaps in people's livelihoods are filled. By 2024, in terms of public services, 203 government service items had been made available for unified online processing across the Yangtze River Delta. Meanwhile, a total of 78 resident services can now be accessed across the delta region through the social security card, enabling "one-card access". This number is expected to exceed 113 by 2025. For example, in one of the most pressing areas of public concern—seeking cross-provincial medical treatment, 10 types of chronic and special outpatient illnesses will be eligible for direct settlement this year, covering all cities with subordinate districts. The high-quality integrated development of public services has a dual effect. It not only enhances people's well-being and advances common prosperity but also promotes greater labor mobility and freedom of choice, thereby driving the improvement in government service efficiency. More Photo Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news Air quality improves as clean heating advances across northern China Wang Yi reaches Kabul for China-Afghanistan-Pakistan Foreign Ministers' Dialogue China Eastern Airlines announces new Shanghai-Yiwu route Xi arrives in Lhasa for celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan More Video World Heritage @China: Migratory bird sanctuaries along the coast of Yellow Sea-Bohai Gulf of China (Phase I)—A paradise for birds in a beautiful bay 'King of Asia' tightrope walking attracts 20 top athletes from 10 countries LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]