U.S. tariff expansion on steel, aluminum raises global trade risks, expert warns 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics U.S. tariff expansion on steel, aluminum raises global trade risks, expert warns Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-18 16:42:04 CGTN Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download The U.S. Commerce Department announced last week that it is extending its 50 percent tariffs on steel and aluminum imports to encompass hundreds of derivative products, a move that is set to deepen global supply chain risks. This expansion, effective on Monday, adds 407 product codes to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule, identifying goods now subject to tariffs based on their steel and aluminum content. The non-metal materials in these products will also be taxed according to tariff rates established for goods from specific origin countries. Following an increase from 25 percent to 50 percent in June, the expanded tariffs represent yet another unilateral adjustment of U.S. trade policy and contribute to growing instability in worldwide markets, Zhou Mi, a senior research fellow at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation, told Global Times. The expanded tariffs are expected to impact various industries in the U.S., including automotive, construction and manufacturing sectors. Companies that rely on imported steel and aluminum components may face increased costs, potentially leading to higher prices for consumers. The automotive sector has already been experiencing notable cost increases since June. Manufacturers like Ford and Molson Coors have reported multimillion-dollar cost surges due to the tariffs, which have raised aluminum prices, while Deere &Company has increased its projected tariff-related expenses for the fiscal year to $600 million, up from an earlier estimate of $500 million. In the consumer goods sector, companies have also been feeling the impact. AriZona Beverages, known for its 99-cent iced tea, may be forced to raise prices due to the increased tariffs on aluminum. The company said even though 80 percent of its can sheet metal comes from recycled U.S. beverage cans, 100 percent of its aluminum is subject to tariffs. It uses over 45,000 tonnes of aluminum annually, with 20 percent imported from Canada. With limited domestic substitutes available, U.S. businesses and consumers remain dependent on imports, Zhou said, adding that higher tariffs are expected to drive up costs, squeeze profit margins, and erode competitiveness in the market. The move has also raised concerns among trading partners, who may consider retaliatory measures in response to the U.S. actions. In March, Canada, which accounted for 70 percent of U.S. aluminum imports last year, imposed 25 percent counter-tariffs on $21 billion worth of U.S. goods in response to the steel and aluminum duties. It has consistently threatened to introduce other retaliatory measures as trade tensions between the two countries escalate. In South Korea, measures have been announced to support small and medium-sized enterprises to be affected by the expanded tariffs. "We will greatly expand the scope of consulting services, including verification of steel and aluminum content and certificates of origin, while also drastically reducing companies' cost-sharing burden," the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said on Monday. Frequent tariff changes risk making U.S. trade relations appear less reliable, according to Zhou. He said even if American buyers absorb higher costs, overseas suppliers may become more cautious, potentially restricting imports and adding pressure to U.S. inflation. Related news China, U.S. reach deal to extend tariff suspension 2025-08-13 Comicomment: Tariff wrench tightens on U.S. livelihoods, disrupts global system 2025-08-10 EU pharma companies brace for US tariff hit 2025-08-08 More Photo Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Annual U.S. 'National Night Out' held in California Traditional Chinese culture attracts students of SCO member countries to Tianjin Athletes experience local life ahead of World Games in SW China's Chengdu Giant pandas celebrate their birthday in SW China's Chongqing Savoring a Citywalk along Beijing Central Axis as autumn nears Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news China to hold press conference on military parade preparations World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature More Video Insights | The West always arrives late after conflict, but now they will know truth: Marcus World Heritage @China: Kaiping diaolou — a 'World Architecture Expo' LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]