Country advances national park system, enhancing ecological conservation 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Society Country advances national park system, enhancing ecological conservation Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-20 09:38:21 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download China has made significant strides in promoting its national park system, with improvements noticeable in the diversity, stability and sustainability of ecosystems, said Liu Guohong, head of the National Forestry and Grassland Administration. He made the remarks while addressing the opening ceremony of the third National Park Forum in Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, on Tuesday. "The establishment of a national park system with Chinese characteristics is a major institutional reform for ecological civilization, personally planned, initiated and advanced by General Secretary Xi Jinping," Liu added. The landmark project, which aims to protect over 1.1 million square kilometers of natural reserves, is a significant initiative in building a beautiful China and advancing the modernization of harmonious coexistence between humans and nature, he said. Liu highlighted the remarkable progress made in each of the country's first five national parks, which have integrated over 120 natural reserves to coordinate the comprehensive protection and systematic management of mountains, rivers, forests, farmlands, lakes, grasslands and deserts. He said the Giant Panda National Park, for instance, has succeeded in connecting the main distribution and breeding habitats of wild giant pandas. The Northeast China Tiger and Leopard National Park has seen the number of its two endangered species — Amur tigers and leopards — increase from 27 and 42 to 70 and 80, respectively, he said. In Hainan Tropical Rainforest National Park, the Hainan gibbon, once nearly extinct, has become the only gibbon population in the world to mark continuous growth. Liu also highlighted the country's efforts to enhance its people's sense of gain and happiness as it advances with building national parks. China has successfully introduced new development opportunities for local communities through various initiatives, including ecological relocation, franchising and involving residents in volunteer services and public welfare jobs. Currently, nearly 50,000 local residents, for instance, work as ecological guardians in the first five national parks, earning an annual income ranging from 10,000 yuan ($1,392) to 20,000 yuan, he said. Tanya Steele, CEO of the World Wide Fund for Nature, United Kingdom, lauded China's commitment to developing the world's largest national park system as an initiative "not only ambitious but also transformative". "China's national park system is more than a conservation project. It plays a wider role in China's broader vision of an ecological civilization," she said. She stressed that the national park system underpins China's strong commitment to environmental leadership as an ambitious and a science-based effort. It is expected to showcase how well managed protected areas play a key role in advancing global environmental goals, including the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework and its ambitious "30x30" target. Adopted under China's presidency in 2022, the framework aims to ensure that by 2030, at least 30 percent of areas of degraded terrestrial, inland water and coastal and marine ecosystems are under effective restoration. China's national parks are more than protected areas. They offer opportunities for learning and exchange on conservation practice, she said. Steele said she looks forward to seeing China's national park system demonstrate how conservation and sustainable development can be pursued together, not as opposing forces, but as complementary priorities. "This is the opportunity before us to shape a future where national parks are not only about preserving ecosystems, but about reimagining how people and nature can thrive side by side," she said. Jonathan Austin, New Zealand's ambassador to China, commended the leadership role China played in the adoption of the Kunming-Montreal framework and also the country's continued commitment to biodiversity, including its plan to expand national parks to cover 10 percent of its land area. National parks, as one of the most powerful tools to safeguard nature, are central to achieving the global goal for nature set out in the framework — to halt and reverse biodiversity loss by 2030, he noted. "New Zealand is pleased to work alongside China and other nations in this global effort. Together, through cooperation, innovation and shared purpose, we can secure a future where nature thrives and where our national parks continue to inspire, protect and sustain life for generations to come," the ambassador said. Related news National parks bolster wildlife populations 2025-08-01 Wetlands projects protecting species 2025-05-03 More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news Shanghai conducts first million-kilowatt virtual power plant operation New policy fuels rise in fertility treatments Xizang strides toward modernization Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Video Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]