Over 2,000 bamboo medal boxes delivered for 2025 World Games 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print ECNS Wire Over 2,000 bamboo medal boxes delivered for 2025 World Games Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-08 10:47:45 Ecns.cn Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download (ECNS）-- More than 2,000 bamboo-woven medal boxes for the 12th World Games have been successfully delivered, Chengdu-based Qingshen Yunhua Bamboo Tourism Co. announced Wednesday. A bamboo box for containing medals of the 12th World Games. （Photo: Sichuan Daily） Produced over the course of a month, the boxes combine traditional cross, herringbone, and hexagonal weaving techniques with contemporary design. Each features a distinctive "square-and-round" structure: the body is crafted in a plain weave, symbolizing order, while the lid displays a hexagonal pattern representing "heaven and earth." Green bamboo accents capture the youthful energy of the Chengdu World Games, blending minimalist elegance with refined Eastern aesthetics. "These boxes aim to ignite global interest in Qingshen bamboo weaving, passing the heritage to the next generation," said Chen Lan, a master inheritor of the craft. A bamboo box for containing medals of the 12th World Games. (File photo/China News Service) Qingshen County in Meishan City， known as China's "Hometown of Bamboo Art," is famous for its unique cultural landscape where "bamboo thrives in every corner and weaving thrives in every household." The medal box project began in February 2025, when the designers of the Chengdu Games medal cases approached Qingshen's artisans. Chen's team created over 20 prototypes before finalizing the design, viewing it as an opportunity to bring intangible cultural heritage to an international audience. These medal boxes will present winning athletes with a unique symbol of achievement, carrying the legacy of centuries-old craftsmanship onto the global stage. The 2025 World Games will be held from August 7 to 17, featuring 34 sports and 60 disciplines. (By Mo Honge) Related news Pandas welcome visiting athletes ahead of 2025 Chengdu World Games 2025-08-08 Torch named 'Zhu Meng' of World Games 2025 unveiled 2025-02-28 More Photo Annual U.S. 'National Night Out' held in California Traditional Chinese culture attracts students of SCO member countries to Tianjin Athletes experience local life ahead of World Games in SW China's Chengdu Giant pandas celebrate their birthday in SW China's Chongqing Savoring a Citywalk along Beijing Central Axis as autumn nears Exploring stunning sea of clouds in southwest China Shipwreck site of Lisbon Maru in E China's Zhoushan attracts tourists Discovering unique beauty of Tomur scenic area in NW China's Xinjiang Chinese animation themed exhibition draws visitors to Hangzhou 2 killed, 6 injured in U.S. Los Angeles mass shooting Performance stimulates catering industry consumption in Lhasa Giant panda Bao Li celebrates its 4th birthday in Washington China's Long March-12 rocket launches new internet satellites Unlocking Xinjiang Charms | Xinjiang's 'Grandpa Melon' Wins Hearts—and Plane Seats Another match for 'Su Chao' held in Changzhou Visual Insight: Safeguarding the South China Sea Waves of red sorghum signal harvest joy in southwest China Chinese team wins bronze in women's 4x100m medley relay at World Aquatics Championships Car-Free Day observed in Jakarta to promote green travel World Games Athletes' Village opens in SW China's Chengdu People visit Hukou Waterfall on Yellow River in N China's Shanxi Chongqing's summer night glows with charm and vitality Nanchang holds flag-raising ceremony to mark Army Day In Numbers: Achievements of China's immigration management during the 14th Five-Year Plan Period China's Chen Yuxi wins gold in women's 10m at 2025 World Aquatics Championships China successfully launches sixth batch of low Earth orbit satellites Exploring picturesque summer scenery at Tiaozini Wetland in Jiangsu's Dongtai Sanmenxia Reservoir discharges water to clear up sediment in Yellow River Harbin Polarland sees summer tourism boom Enchanting Kunshan invites travelers on a 'county journey' China launches commercial carrier rocket SQX-1 Y10 Firefighters trek uphill to aid stranded residents in Beijing after heavy rains Qin Haiyang wins China's first swimming gold at Singapore Worlds Heritage sign unveiled for Beijing Central Axis on World Heritage Listing Anniversary China launches internet satellite group Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news China issues development guidelines to accelerate BCI breakthroughs Over 2,000 bamboo medal boxes delivered for 2025 World Games PLA releases footage of drones tracking down 'hostile warship' Construction worker mistaken for prey shot dead in Jiangxi Pandas welcome visiting athletes ahead of 2025 Chengdu World Games More Video The fading mirage of 'Made in America' : U.S. products losing luster Unlocking Xizang Charms | With ruby wine in cups aglow, on snowy heights, let joy bestow! LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]