Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Feature Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-04 08:42:05 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download Wang Tso-Hsuan (left), CEO of Taiwan Nice Clinique and a veteran practitioner with 20 years of experience, administers an Ellanse dermal facial filler injection to shape his client's nose.(Photo provided to CHINA DAILY） Like a growing number of young Chinese women, 31-year-old Zhu Yanzi has sought subtle and "natural-looking" improvements in her appearance over the years. But in her twenties, her quest got off to a clumsy start. "I had double-eyelid surgery, hyaluronic acid fillers, even tried thread-lifting to make my face look more defined, but all those changes were obvious — a bit too obvious," said Zhu, a product designer in Beijing. By the time she turned 28, Zhu began reassessing what she truly wanted. Rather than dramatic alterations, she became drawn to a more subtle, maintenance-based approach — what's now widely known as "light medical aesthetics". "I actually started getting regular facial spa treatments around the age of 25. But after 28, I gradually replaced those with more effective options — things that really deliver results, like lasers or injectables," said Zhu, whose beauty focus these days is on skin texture, tone and overall vitality. She also gets water-light injections, laser facials, and the occasional Botox injection for her jawline. For her, it's more like "skincare-plus" — a way to manage how she ages, not to change how she looks. On average, Zhu spends about 1,000 yuan ($139) to 3,000 yuan ($417) per treatment, going every two to three months depending on her schedule. "I don't see it as a luxury anymore — it's part of my self-care routine, just like going to the gym or getting a massage," said Zhu. Her shift in mindset reflects a broader trend among younger Chinese consumers, especially urban women in their late twenties to forties, who increasingly view aesthetic treatments as a form of long-term wellness rather than a means to a dramatic makeover. "People used to say, 'If I'm spending this much money, I want people to notice'. Now, we want the opposite — to look fresher, more awake, but in a way, no one can quite put their finger on," said Zhu. Su Weijie administers an injection for cosmetic treatment to a patient.（Photo provided to CHINA DAILY） A better 'me' In 2022, nonsurgical procedures accounted for 55.7 percent of global aesthetic treatments, surpassing surgical procedures, International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery data showed. In China, nonsurgical treatments made up 52 percent of total aesthetic medical revenue, while surgical procedures accounted for 48 percent, the data showed, reflecting a growing consumer preference for gentle rejuvenation methods such as injectables and laser-based treatments, including Thermage and Ultherapy. "Ten years ago, most patients came in for surgical face-lifts, and they were generally older," said Su Weijie, associate chief physician in the department of plastic and reconstructive surgery at Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital. "Now, more people in their 20s and 30s are opting for micro-invasive treatments to prevent signs of aging early on." Over half of light medical aesthetics consumers report prioritizing personal needs when selecting treatments, according to data from the Qianzhan Industry Research Institute. The number of procedures selected per person also continues to rise. In the future, the average planned number of projects per consumer is projected to reach 2.4 in their lifetime, according to the institute data. "In the past, visible change was often the goal — thinner, more lifted, more obvious. Today, the emphasis is on 'refined and natural'. People want to look like a better version of themselves — not different," Su said. Popular treatments include injectable procedures and laser procedures for skin tightening and tone. While the total number of patients hasn't changed dramatically, the demand for early, subtle interventions has risen. However, Su noted the growing trend of standardized, high-volume aesthetic services and the presence of treatment providers with varying levels of training. "In public hospitals, doctors are required to adhere to rigorous protocols and ethical standards," she explained. "Also, there are clear guidelines on how we communicate, the treatments we can offer, and the platforms we use. I believe that with more consistent standards across the industry, we can ensure better outcomes and clearer information for the public," she said. From 2015 to 2020, China's medical aesthetics industry grew from 63.7 billion yuan to 154.9 billion yuan, with projections that it will exceed 350 billion yuan by 2025, according to the Annual Research and Consultation Report of Panorama survey and Investment strategy on China Industry published by industry research company ChinaIRN in 2023. Consumers aged 20 to 55 now dominate demand, compared to the previous focus on those aged 35 to 45, the report found. Shi Jue from Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, has 10 years' experience in the medical aesthetics industry and previously founded two skin clinics. (Photo provided to CHINA DAILY) Massaging the message In May 2024, the number of beauty-related content pieces published across six major content platforms reached 1.2 million, representing a 24.8 percent year-on-year increase, according to data from market consultancy QuestMobile. Broader "beauty-related consumption", which includes appearance-focused, decorative, emotionally uplifting, and aesthetically driven purchases, reached 3.07 trillion yuan in 2023 and is projected to grow to 3.21 trillion yuan in 2024, said QuestMobile. Shi Jue, 40, from Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, has 10 years' experience in the medical aesthetics industry and previously founded two skin clinics. With her medical background, she now creates content to bridge the gap between expertise and everyday skincare concerns. "I saw too many people misled by vague or incorrect information. I wanted to use my platform to promote accurate knowledge and help people make informed, rational choices about their appearance," she said. Shi was first introduced to the field while working in South Korea, where dermatology and noninvasive aesthetics are more deeply integrated into everyday skincare routines. "Anti-aging is not about chasing the latest devices or trendy injectables. It's about understanding the skin's structure and identifying the right treatments for each stage of change," said Shi. While stressing no single approach works on its own, Shi recommends IPL(intense pulsed light) treatment as a "universal fit" for various ages and skin types. For more advanced aging concerns, individual assessment is important. "Ultrasound-based lifting like Ultherapy works best for fuller faces with sagging, while radio-frequency-based options like Thermage are more suitable for thinner, collagen-deficient skin," said Shi. Despite the rise in public awareness, Shi remains concerned about what she describes as "trend-driven consumption".While today's consumers are no longer uninformed, many still make choices based on social media buzz rather than personal needs, she said. Su from Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital hopes that future regulations will better prioritize protecting patients and supporting licensed medical practitioners, both by ensuring licensed medical personnel adhere to safe, standardized practices and protecting patients' privacy from unauthorized disclosure. She said public hospitals like Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital offer a balance of safety, credibility, and skilled professionals. "I don't oppose private clinics. Each has its role. What matters most is ensuring patients receive professional, responsible care," said Su. In a climate of rising "appearance anxiety", Su believes a healthy future for the industry lies in transparency, education, and stronger institutional support. "Don't be afraid but be smart. Choose a qualified doctor in a reputable institution. Think of it as maintaining your best state, not chasing perfection. Let professionals do what they're trained for. That's how we protect both people and the profession," said Su. 1 2 Next Page Related news Beauty products embrace smart tech 2025-05-23 Beauty industry shines as medical aesthetics gains in popularity 2022-02-09 More Photo Chongqing's summer night glows with charm and vitality Nanchang holds flag-raising ceremony to mark Army Day China's Chen Yuxi wins gold in women's 10m at 2025 World Aquatics Championships China successfully launches sixth batch of low Earth orbit satellites Exploring picturesque summer scenery at Tiaozini Wetland in Jiangsu's Dongtai Sanmenxia Reservoir discharges water to clear up sediment in Yellow River Harbin Polarland sees summer tourism boom Enchanting Kunshan invites travelers on a 'county journey' China launches commercial carrier rocket SQX-1 Y10 Firefighters trek uphill to aid stranded residents in Beijing after heavy rains Qin Haiyang wins China's first swimming gold at Singapore Worlds Heritage sign unveiled for Beijing Central Axis on World Heritage Listing Anniversary China launches internet satellite group Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Xi receives credentials of new ambassadors to China Xi meets European Council president, European Commission president in Beijing Exploring Qiantang River Bridge in east China China sees over 300 million railway passenger trips in summer rush Exploring growing yak industry in Ngari Prefecture, Xizang Team China claims gold for artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championships Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Ancient Salt Sheep Road rejuvenates in modern Xizang Typhoon Wipha moves away from Macao SAR TCM practitioners seize dog days of summer to treat winter illness for patients Steed for ages: Hexi horses from Gansu become a cultural superstar Sea of verbena flowers mesmerizes visitors in Harbin Yardlong bean harvest boosted by drone transport in Guangxi Visitors enjoy local performances and cuisine at grand bazaar in Urumqi Peng Liyuan attends Bond with Kuliang: 2025 China-U.S. youth friendship event 35th Hong Kong Book Fair boasts brisk business Over 1,000 vehicles made in China to be shipped to Middle East countries Visiting Shanggao Martyrs' Cemetery for Anti-Japanese War heroes in Jiangxi West Lake's lotus flowers in full bloom in Hangzhou 'Community Care Center' brings warmth to villagers along Lhasa River Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang attends advanced manufacturing event at 3rd CISCE Aerial view of village at southern foothills of the Qilian Mountains Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news Beijing, Kathmandu aim for new heights in relations Northern China braces for more heavy rainfall Robust policy support to propel growth Use AI for global prosperity, not for dominance China set to clean up online health content More Video (W.E. Talk) U.S. contributes a lot to complications of South China Sea issue: Filipino scholar 'It's like a cosmos!' Foreign experts marvel at Chinese culture during trip LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]