U.S. government in talks to take 10 percent of Intel, Bloomberg reports 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics U.S. government in talks to take 10 percent of Intel, Bloomberg reports Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-20 08:40:25 CGTN Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download The Trump administration is in talks to take a 10 percent stake in Intel by converting some or all of the struggling company's Chips Act grants into equity, Bloomberg News reported, citing a White House official and other people familiar with the matter. A 10 percent stake in the American chipmaker would be worth about $10 billion. Intel has been slated to receive a combined $10.9 billion in Chips Act grants for commercial and military production, and the figure is roughly enough to pay for the government's holding, according to the Bloomberg report on Monday. Media reports said last week that the U.S. government may buy a stake in Intel, after a meeting between CEO Lip-Bu Tan and President Donald Trump that was sparked by Trump's demand for the new Intel chief's resignation over his alleged ties to Chinese firms. Federal backing could give Intel more breathing room to revive its loss-making foundry business, analysts have said. But it still suffers from a weak product roadmap and challenges in attracting customers to its new factories. "The fact that the U.S. government is stepping in to save a blue-chip American company likely means that Intel's competitive position was much worse than what anybody feared," said David Wagner, head of equity and portfolio manager at Intel shareholder Aptus Capital Advisors. Wagner added that while he was skeptical about the U.S. government investing taxpayer money into U.S. companies, it was better than having Intel become a state-owned entity. Aptus Capital Advisors holds 80,581 shares of Intel. Trump, who said the meeting with Tan was "very interesting," has taken an unprecedented approach to corporate interventions. The U.S. government has previously taken equity stakes in companies under stress. During the 2007-2009 financial crisis, it took a stake in General Motors, later exiting the stake in 2013. Related news U.S. tariff expansion on steel, aluminum raises global trade risks, expert warns 2025-08-18 More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news China's record-breaking sanfu days end, but heat continues Wang Yi: Sound China-India ties serve the two peoples' interests Pressure mounts on Netanyahu as Hamas accepts 60-day truce proposal Envoys hail China's panda conservation, seek wider ties Likelihood increases of Russia-Ukraine meeting More Video Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]