China, U.S. trade talks boost investor optimism 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics China, U.S. trade talks boost investor optimism Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-20 08:38:05 chinadaily.com.cn Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download Following the latest round of economic and trade talks between China and the United States in Stockholm, Sweden, last month, multinational corporations across sectors are reinforcing their commitment to the Chinese market, reflecting growing optimism for mutually beneficial bilateral cooperation. Business leaders highlighted China's vast consumer base, resilient supply chains and drive for indU.S.trial upgrading as reasons that the country remains a critical market despite geopolitical friction. They said sustained dialogue between the two sides would help steady investor expectations and bolster confidence in long-term bU.S.iness ties. China and the U.S. extended on Aug 12 the pause on tariff hikes on each other's goods for another 90 days, according to a joint statement on the China-U.S. economic and trade meeting in Stockholm released by the Ministry of Commerce last week. Nathaniel Madarang, president for the Asia-Pacific region at U.S. tire manufacturer Goodyear Tire &Rubber, said that stable and healthy China-U.S. economic and trade relations are essential for driving mutual economic growth and innovation, as shown by the substantial trade volumes and jobs they support. As China's auto industry is being reshaped by technology and changing consumer demand, Madarang said the country will see strong growth in the electric vehicle, sport utility vehicle and luxury car segments. He said that in order to stay competitive, Goodyear has introduced its latest SUV tire products in China and other Asia-Pacific markets. Quin Liu, chief commercial officer at Logitech International, the Swiss maker of computer peripherals and software, said that his company will invest more in research and development in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, in the coming years, adding that free trade and reduced geopolitical friction are key to supporting the growth of multinationals operating in China, the U.S. and beyond. "More than half of the products we make in China are shipped to global markets," said Liu, adding that China's industrial ecosystem has evolved into an innovation hub, helping multinationals tap local talent and deepen partnerships. Foreign-invested companies recorded foreign trade value of 7.46 trillion yuan ($1.04 trillion) in the first seven months of 2025, up 2.6 percent year-on-year and accounting for 29 percent of China's total trade. Meanwhile, their exports reached 4.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 4.9 percent year-on-year, data from the General Administration of Customs showed. According to Zhao Fujun, a researcher specializing in international economic cooperation at the Beijing-based Development Research Center of the State Council, in order to reinforce long-term investor confidence, China has pressed ahead with institutional opening-up as well as efforts to enhance market transparency and policy predictability, and to address concerns raised by foreign companies. For instance, the National Development and Reform Commission reiterated in July that China's policy on attracting foreign investment remains unchanged, pledging to further ease market access and expand openness while ensuring that foreign companies enjoy equal treatment in areas ranging from public procurement to standard-setting. Yin Zheng, executive vice-president of China and East Asia operations at French industrial conglomerate Schneider Electric, said that as China enters a new era of green and innovation-led growth, global investment in China is increasingly focusing on customized innovation, supply chain efficiency, high-end manufacturing, and digital and green solutions. Reflecting this trend, U.S. materials science company Corning plans to localize the production of high-end optical fibers in Shanghai. Lin Chunmei, president and general manager of Corning China, said the move aims to meet surging demand for denser, faster data transmission in artificial intelligence data centers, where fiber specifications far exceed those of conventional facilities. Foreign direct investment in China's manufacturing sector amounted to 109.06 billion yuan between January and June, while high-tech industries attracted 127.87 billion yuan. FDI inflows from Switzerland, Japan and the United Kingdom rose by 68.6 percent, 59.1 percent and 37.6 percent year-on-year, respectively, according to data from the Ministry of Commerce. Related news China reiterates support for UNESCO after latest US withdrawal announcement 2025-07-24 China-US youth softball exchange builds friendship 2025-07-16 More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news Xizang strides toward modernization Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects China eases rules on private pension withdrawals CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development More Video Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]