Culture 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Culture Popularity of Zanhua lifts incomes of local residents in Quanzhou Aug 20, 2025 From a young age, Bai Lan, 71, has been involved in the traditional practice of Zanhua — the craft of pinning a colorful floral accessory headdress — in Quanzhou, East China's Fujian province. Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Aug 20, 2025 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Aug 19, 2025 The China National Tourist Office New York held a "Nihao! China" Tourism Promotion Reception on Tuesday at New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts. The reception was hosted in cooperation with the Silkroad Ensemble, with the aim of highlighting the power of music and cultural exchanges in inspiring travel and fostering mutual understanding between China and the United States. The water blossoms of Lugu Lake Aug 14, 2025 Every summer, tiny white flowers quietly bloom across the surface of Lugu Lake. Their botanical name is ottelia acuminata, a plant extremely sensitive to its environment – only the clearest, purest waters can nurture its delicate existence. 'Dongji Rescue': Finding humanity on a sinking ship Aug 13, 2025 In 1942, off the coast of China's Dongji Island, a real-life shipwreck turned into a brutal experiment in human nature, laying bare the extremes of cruelty and compassion. The incident exposed the war crimes of the Japanese military and the unflinching kindness of Chinese fishermen – two choices so starkly opposed that you can still feel the shock eight decades later. Shanghai preserves agri-heritage through global youth program Aug 13, 2025 Young representatives from 13 countries gathered in Shanghai to launch a program focused on developing sustainable approaches to preserving agricultural heritage systems. UAE harnesses AI to boost Arabic language global reach Aug 13, 2025 The UAE has set a model in leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to integrate the Arabic language and its cultural heritage into the digital sphere, boosting its regional and global presence as a language capable of meeting future demands. New market entity data show vitality Aug 13, 2025 China registered 13.28 million new market entities in the first half, with private and foreign-invested firms maintaining steady momentum and cultural industries posting the fastest growth, the State Administration for Market Regulation said on Tuesday. Students explore China-Europe cultural connections Aug 13, 2025 From July 14 to 19, a group of 13 students and faculty members from Tsinghua University traveled to the Czech Republic and Austria for a cultural and academic exchange. Ties bolster heritage protection Aug 12, 2025 As visitors from across the world marvel at the colossal temples at the Karnak Temple Complex in Luxor, Egypt, astounded by the ingenious architectural talent of the ancient Egyptians, a team of archaeologists from China and Egypt are quietly working at a more remote area in the north of the 4,000-year-old complex on the excavation of another important temple — the Temple of Montu. After a 100-year ban, Parisians dive back into Seine Aug 12, 2025 The River Seine, Paris's most iconic waterway, is no longer just for postcards and boat tours." For months before the 2024 Games, newspapers and satirists mocked the plan, with headlines warning about bacteria, heavy rain runoff, and the risk of an embarrassing "swim in sewage". Butterfly in an invisible crowd: tracing wisdom in Zhuangzi's dream Aug 11, 2025 This article brings the classic Chinese literature to the fingertips of global audiences. Having a blast Aug 11, 2025 Fireworks, born to burn bright yet fated to vanish, leave behind the glow of an enduring memory, that, like the discussion about the Chengdu World Games' opening ceremony on Aug 7, lingers on — with viewers awestruck by the breathtaking beauty, and moved by the symbolism, of the pyrotechnic extravaganza. AI bridges past and present in Hainan film Aug 11, 2025 A century after French linguist Francois-Marie Savina chronicled Hainan's Li ethnic culture, artificial intelligence now enables a groundbreaking cross-cultural dialogue, illustrating how technology is transforming cultural preservation. Over 2,000 bamboo medal boxes delivered for 2025 World Games Aug 8, 2025 More than 2,000 bamboo-woven medal boxes for the 12th World Games have been successfully delivered, Qingshen Yunhua Bamboo Tourism Co. in Sichuan Province announced Wednesday. Biting, playful — daring comedians let new generation laugh at itself Aug 8, 2025 Audience members enjoy a live performance at an intimate venue on April 13. The China Association of Performing Arts says comedy performances are seeing the largest attendance growth at smaller venues nationwide.Nearly four years later, she is one of the most popular stand-up comedians in China, touring the country and appearing in popular internet comedy shows. Intelligent tech helps migrating antelopes cross road safely Aug 6, 2025 Tibetan antelopes cross a highway in the Hoh Xil National Nature Reserve in Qinghai province.The idea to develop traffic lights for antelope migration in the Hoh Xil National Nature Reserve had been brewing in the minds of scientists for two decades. World Heritage sites bear new fruit Aug 5, 2025 In 2000, when Xi was governor of the province, he coordinated the application work and suggested using the term "Fujian Tulou" in the application process. Fujian Tulou became a World Heritage site in 2008. Hunan excavations help build a resilient, sustainable future Aug 5, 2025 A great deal of effort has been made to promote the site and its value, as elements from Gaomiao have been widely applied in local tourist development.For example, a creative zone featuring white pottery from Gaomiao has been established not far from the site, where visitors can participate in cultural-experience activities like making pottery. Full text: World Youth Peace Initiative Aug 1, 2025 BEIJING - The World Youth Conference for Peace was held in Beijing on Tuesday.This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the World Anti-Fascist War and the founding of the United Nations. Yangtze River sees recovery in aquatic biodiversity Aug 1, 2025 Two new nationally protected species were identified and the natural breeding of the Chinese high-fin banded shark was observed for the first time in nearly 30 years in the Yangtze River Basin, signaling an overall recovery of aquatic biological resources and habitats, according to a new report. Delicate wares exhibit county's resilience Aug 1, 2025 Showcase highlights the history of Dehua's famous white porcelain culture, which quickly attracted international attention and inspired artists worldwide, Zhang Kun reports. Chinese music festival to debut in Singapore, boosting cultural ties Jul 31, 2025 A Chinese music and arts festival is set to make its international debut in Singapore on September 13 to 14, marking a milestone in cultural exchange as China and Singapore celebrate 35 years of diplomatic relations in 2025. Supported by the Singapore Tourism Board, the event will be held at Resorts World Sentosa and feature emerging artists from China, Singapore, South Korea, the United States, and other regions.Between 45 and 55 percent of attendees were born after 2000, higher than the industry average, with over 70 percent of them traveling from other cities. War film 'Dead to Rights' expands to a global audience Jul 31, 2025 The movie has earned over 814 million yuan ($113 million) at the box office as of July 31, according to industry data. A poster for the film "Dead to Rights" is pictured at a cinema in Shanghai on July 20, 2025. Social media, cultural links boost China's image Jul 31, 2025 From the whimsical Labubu plush toys captivating collectors worldwide to viral travel vlogs showcasing China's landscapes, and the burgeoning popularity of RedNote bridging cultural divides, China's cultural exports are increasingly capturing global attention. Exploring Beijing’s Central Axis with a global crew: a trip full of awe Jul 30, 2025 Experts from Bolivia, Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Brazil, Serbia, and more recently took a deep dive into the Beijing Central Axis, riding a traditional-style dangdang tram, checking out the Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall, and marveling at the city’s storied Central Axis. Greening efforts enrich life, ecology in Xizang Jul 30, 2025 For people in the Xizang Autonomous Region, the most common recreational activity between June and September is to "experience lingka". Key measures will boost Beijing's Central Axis' sustainability Jul 29, 2025 To mark the first anniversary of the Beijing Central Axis' World Heritage inscription, capital authorities released a three-year action plan focusing on protection of the route on Sunday. It outlined 45 key tasks to safeguard this 7.8-kilometer ensemble of palaces, ceremonial and public buildings, roads and other aspects that govern the overall layout of the old city area of the Chinese capital. Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Jul 25, 2025 The Beijing Central Axis was added to the United Nations' cultural heritage list on July 27, 2024, signifying prestigious recognition for the 700-year-old line of historical and cultural landmarks traversing the heart of the Chinese capital. As the first anniversary of this inscription approaches, many tourists come to visit Xiannongtan Temple. SCO nations embrace China's expertise in heritage preservation Jul 25, 2025 Experts at the 2025 SCO Inter-Civilizational Dialogue, held in Tianjin on Wednesday, highlighted China's pioneering role in cultural heritage preservation among Shanghai Cooperation Organization member states. First Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next Last Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news Developer of Black Myth: Wukong announces new game Students from BRI countries account for majority of Tsinghua University's international freshmen The Yangtze River Delta serves as a model for Chinese modernization Air quality improves as clean heating advances across northern China Wang Yi reaches Kabul for China-Afghanistan-Pakistan Foreign Ministers' Dialogue More Video World Heritage @China: Migratory bird sanctuaries along the coast of Yellow Sea-Bohai Gulf of China (Phase I)—A paradise for birds in a beautiful bay 'King of Asia' tightrope walking attracts 20 top athletes from 10 countries LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]