China, India agree to uphold ties 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Politics China, India agree to uphold ties Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-20 08:38:05 chinadaily.com.cn Editor : Zhang Dongfang ECNS App Download China and India have stepped up efforts to stabilize their relationship, as senior diplomats from both countries pledged to improve strategic perceptions, enhance mutual trust, expand cooperation and seek progress on the long-standing boundary question — moves that analysts said could inject greater stability into Asia and beyond. On Tuesday in New Delhi, the capital of India, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, who is on his first trip to the country since 2022, cochaired with Indian National Security Advisor Ajit Doval the 24th Round of Talks Between the Special Representatives of China and India on the Boundary Question. Wang, who is also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, said the consensus reached between President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during their meeting in Kazan, Russia, in October, has charted a clear course for improving bilateral ties and properly handling the boundary question. Since the start of this year, he noted, bilateral relations have entered a steady development track, and the situation along the border has continued to stabilize. Wang stressed that a sound and stable relationship between the two major neighbors serves the fundamental interests of their peoples and meets the common expectations of developing countries. "Mutual trust and support for each other should be the natural state of relations between two major emerging countries," he said, urging both sides to build consensus, properly resolve specific issues, and create favorable conditions for the further improvement of ties. Doval said that amid global turbulence, India and China face common challenges, making it essential to deepen understanding, strengthen trust and enhance cooperation — not only for their peoples' benefit but also for global peace and development. India stands ready to maintain pragmatic and constructive dialogue with China and to create conditions for a final settlement of the boundary question, he added. As this year marks the 75th anniversary of bilateral ties between the two countries, Doval said that Indian Prime Minister Modi looks forward to visiting China to attend the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit in Tianjin, which he believes will inject fresh impetus into the relationship. Wang said that China values Modi's participation and expects India to make positive contributions to the success of the summit, which will be held from Aug 31 to Sept 1. The latest talks followed the 23rd round held in December in Beijing, during which both sides reached several common understandings on delimitation negotiations, border management, mechanism building and cross-border exchanges and cooperation. On Tuesday, both sides discussed early harvests in boundary negotiations and agreed to explore a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution. They also pledged to strengthen normalized border management, jointly maintain peace and tranquility in border areas and hold the 25th round of talks in China next year. Following the 24th round of talks with Doval, Wang met with Prime Minister Modi in New Delhi on Tuesday. Broadening cooperation Wang also met with Indian External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar on Monday. Wang called for broadening cooperation to provide "the most needed certainty and stability" for Asia and the world and called for both countries to "view each other as partners and opportunities rather than rivals or threats". Jaishankar said a stable, cooperative and forward-looking bilateral relationship serves both countries' interests. He expressed India's readiness to strengthen coordination with China under BRICS and other multilateral frameworks. Noting the positive trend in bilateral ties, Lin Minwang, a professor at Fudan University in Shanghai, said there is still considerable room for cooperation in such fields as people-to-people exchanges and bilateral trade and investment. "If India demonstrates genuine goodwill, the relationship could see significant improvement," he said. As Wang's visit came as the United States ratcheted up tariffs on Indian goods, Lin said the US' unilateral bullying acts have increasingly led New Delhi to find greater common ground with Beijing on opposition to unilateralism and protectionism. Furthermore, cooperation between the two largest developing countries in the world also helps contribute to building a multipolar world and more democratic international relations, Lin added. Wang is scheduled to conclude his visit to India on Wednesday before traveling to Pakistan for a three-day trip. He will hold the sixth round of China-Pakistan Foreign Ministers' Strategic Dialogue with Pakistani Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Mohammad Ishaq Dar, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson announced on Tuesday. More Photo Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Exploring verdant mountain views of Jiangbulake in Xinjiang The World Games 2025 opens in Chengdu with celebration of culture, unity Opening ceremony of The World Games 2025 held in Chengdu Rescuers find 10th trapped victim in Guangzhou landslide In Numbers: Xizang makes historic economic, social achievements over 60 years Most popular in 24h CGTN Poll: Chinese modernization drives Xizang's leaping development Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Hainan expands tax incentives for top talent Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Xizang to inject additional expenditure into livelihood projects More Top news China, US trade talks boost investor optimism Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style More Video Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? World Heritage @China: Majestic Mount Huangshan - Preserving the Rich Legacy of the Shanshui Style LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]