36 Updates Auto-updates 12m ago (11:45 GMT) Expanded war aims could further isolate Israel internationally Haaretz newspaper columnist Gideon Levy says Israel’s expanded military operations in Gaza risk further alienating the country internationally, without any clear endgame in sight. “The main risk is first of all operative,” Levy told Al Jazeera. “I don’t know how many fighters are still in Gaza and what kind of ammunitions and weapons they have.” But above all, he said, is the risk of further reputational damage to Israel. “What will the world say if Israel continues the war instead of putting an end to it?” he told Al Jazeera, noting the country has already been acting as something of “a pariah state”. “Meanwhile, within Israel, I see that there are a lot of protests, but very few refusing to serve in the army. And that’s really astonishing,” he added. 27m ago (11:30 GMT) Israel’s Gaza City operation ‘beginning of ethnic cleansing’ The Israeli government’s move to push forward with its planned Gaza City offensive, without even discussing the latest ceasefire proposal that Hamas responded positively to , shows it has “no intention to put an end to the war”, says Gideon Levy, columnist for Israeli newspaper Haaretz. “There is no other way to explain it,” Levy told Al Jazeera. “There is a Hamas offer on the table and Israel hasn’t even discussed it yet. “So, either they [Israel] want to put more pressure on Hamas, which I’m not sure is very probable, or they’re really serious about re-conquering Gaza City, pushing all the people to the south and then offering them to leave the Gaza Strip. “That’s the beginning of an ethnic cleansing of Gaza,” Levy said. 42m ago (11:15 GMT) Red Cross says Israel’s Gaza City offensive ‘intolerable’ Israel’s intensified operations in Gaza aimed at seizing Gaza City will cause new bloodshed and bring the humanitarian situation to another low, warns the Red Cross. “The intensification of hostilities in Gaza means more killing, more displacement, more destruction and more panic,” said Christian Cardon, chief spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). “Gaza is a closed space, from which nobody can escape … and where access to healthcare, food and safe water is dwindling,” said Cardon. “Meanwhile, the security of humanitarians is getting worse by the hour,” the spokesman added. “This is intolerable.” Cardon has taken an active role in the Red Cross’s humanitarian activities on the ground and has been involved in every exchange of the Israeli captives taken by Hamas in the group’s October 7, 2023 attack. Advertisement 57m ago (11:00 GMT) Israeli captives’ families call for antiwar march in Tel Aviv this evening The Hostages and Missing Families Forum, which represents relatives of Israeli captives in Gaza, has urged the public to join an antiwar march this evening in front of Israel’s Kirya military base in Tel Aviv. The group says it invites Israelis to “stand and march with them … and cry out together: ‘Enough with sacrificing the hostages! Enough with sacrificing the soldiers, both active and reserve! Enough with sacrificing the evacuees!'” It also urged people who cannot join the march to step outside at 8pm (17:00 GMT) and flip on their phone flashlights in solidarity with the Israeli captives. 1h ago (10:45 GMT) Israeli Foreign Ministry announces new diplomatic outreach amid Gaza war criticism: Report The initiative aims to bring hundreds of international delegations to Israel before the year’s end “to help spread the Israeli narrative in international media”, The Times of Israel newspaper is reporting based on an Israeli Foreign Ministry statement. “As part of the battle of perception against the global anti-Israel narrative,” Israel expects about 400 delegations – involving more than 5,000 participants – to visit by December, the newspaper quoted the ministry statement as saying. The plan is estimated to cost $40m, the report said. In past years, the figure averaged just 25 delegations annually, the ministry added. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed more than 62,000 people as the Israeli army continues to besiege the coastal enclave, creating a severe hunger crisis. On August 14, more than 100 aid organisations, including prominent groups such as Oxfam, Doctors Without Borders (MSF), Amnesty International, and the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), condemned Israel’s weaponisation of aid , saying it was obstructing life-saving assistance from entering Gaza. 1h ago (10:40 GMT) Gaza death toll since dawn reaches 20 At least 20 people have been killed in Israeli attacks across the coastal enclave since dawn, medical sources in Gaza have told our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. Among those killed were eight aid seekers, the sources added. 1h ago (10:30 GMT) WATCH: Deir el-Balah tents in flames after Israeli attack Footage verified by Al Jazeera’s Sanad fact-checking agency shows the aftermath of an Israeli attack that hit a tent camp in Gaza’s central city of Deir el-Balah. The video shows numerous tents entirely wrecked or in flames next to a huge crater left behind by the explosion, as firefighters work to put out the blazes. 1h ago (10:15 GMT) Gaza City seizure ‘inherently a political operation’ Al Jazeera’s Rory Challands says Netanyahu’s planned Gaza City seizure is a political move that carries major risks for Israel and him personally. “This is inherently a political military operation,” Challands said. “It was demanded by PM Netanyahu. His generals didn’t really want it. They pushed back, saying it was a trap for the military, that the military was tired after nearly two years of fighting, and wasn’t ready for it. But Netanyahu wanted it.” Before even seeing the detailed plan for the operation, Netanyahu has already said he wants timelines expedited, showing that “politics is an absolutely huge part of what is going on here”, Challands added. “That carries huge risks for Israel, for Netanyahu. One is that this operation will fail because the army is not ready for it, and the reservists won’t turn up or they’ll turn up late, and it just doesn’t have the capability to pursue this operation,” he said. “But then Israeli public opinion is swinging against the war. We understand that a majority of Israelis now want the war to finish.” Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (10:10 GMT) Three Palestinians killed near aid centre in southern Gaza We reported earlier that one person was reported killed by Israeli forces near an aid centre north of Rafah. Medical sources at Nasser Medical Complex now say that at least three people have been killed by Israeli forces north of Rafah, also near an aid centre. It was not immediately clear if the two incidents are linked. Advertisement 1h ago (10:00 GMT) Israel destroyed nearly 80% of aid facilities in Gaza: Palestinian NGOs Network chief Since day one of the war on Gaza, Israel has targeted the humanitarian lifelines for Palestinians in the Strip, leaving people across the coastal enclave with very few options for basic needs such as food, medicine or shelter. “Palestinian civil society organizations have been subjected to numerous attacks, resulting in the killing of 230 aid workers, the injury of hundreds more, and the destruction of nearly 80 percent of their headquarters and humanitarian aid facilities,” Amjad Shawa, director-general of the Palestinian NGOs Network in the Gaza Strip, told Al Jazeera. “These organisations are also facing a severe financial crisis due to the sharp decline in international funding.” Meanwhile, Mohammed al-Najjar, representative of the Al-Khair Foundation, said one of the “most serious obstacles” facing the aid group was the “creation of an alternative mechanism for aid delivery, bypassing local humanitarian organisations”. “This includes entities like the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation, supported by Israel and the United States, which aims to privatise aid delivery through private companies and shelters mainly located in southern Gaza,” he said. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies 36 Updates Auto-updates 12m ago (11:45 GMT) Expanded war aims could further isolate Israel internationally Haaretz newspaper columnist Gideon Levy says Israel’s expanded military operations in Gaza risk further alienating the country internationally, without any clear endgame in sight. “The main risk is first of all operative,” Levy told Al Jazeera. “I don’t know how many fighters are still in Gaza and what kind of ammunitions and weapons they have.” But above all, he said, is the risk of further reputational damage to Israel. “What will the world say if Israel continues the war instead of putting an end to it?” he told Al Jazeera, noting the country has already been acting as something of “a pariah state”. “Meanwhile, within Israel, I see that there are a lot of protests, but very few refusing to serve in the army. And that’s really astonishing,” he added. 27m ago (11:30 GMT) Israel’s Gaza City operation ‘beginning of ethnic cleansing’ The Israeli government’s move to push forward with its planned Gaza City offensive, without even discussing the latest ceasefire proposal that Hamas responded positively to , shows it has “no intention to put an end to the war”, says Gideon Levy, columnist for Israeli newspaper Haaretz. “There is no other way to explain it,” Levy told Al Jazeera. “There is a Hamas offer on the table and Israel hasn’t even discussed it yet. “So, either they [Israel] want to put more pressure on Hamas, which I’m not sure is very probable, or they’re really serious about re-conquering Gaza City, pushing all the people to the south and then offering them to leave the Gaza Strip. “That’s the beginning of an ethnic cleansing of Gaza,” Levy said. 42m ago (11:15 GMT) Red Cross says Israel’s Gaza City offensive ‘intolerable’ Israel’s intensified operations in Gaza aimed at seizing Gaza City will cause new bloodshed and bring the humanitarian situation to another low, warns the Red Cross. “The intensification of hostilities in Gaza means more killing, more displacement, more destruction and more panic,” said Christian Cardon, chief spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). “Gaza is a closed space, from which nobody can escape … and where access to healthcare, food and safe water is dwindling,” said Cardon. “Meanwhile, the security of humanitarians is getting worse by the hour,” the spokesman added. “This is intolerable.” Cardon has taken an active role in the Red Cross’s humanitarian activities on the ground and has been involved in every exchange of the Israeli captives taken by Hamas in the group’s October 7, 2023 attack. Advertisement 57m ago (11:00 GMT) Israeli captives’ families call for antiwar march in Tel Aviv this evening The Hostages and Missing Families Forum, which represents relatives of Israeli captives in Gaza, has urged the public to join an antiwar march this evening in front of Israel’s Kirya military base in Tel Aviv. The group says it invites Israelis to “stand and march with them … and cry out together: ‘Enough with sacrificing the hostages! Enough with sacrificing the soldiers, both active and reserve! Enough with sacrificing the evacuees!'” It also urged people who cannot join the march to step outside at 8pm (17:00 GMT) and flip on their phone flashlights in solidarity with the Israeli captives. 1h ago (10:45 GMT) Israeli Foreign Ministry announces new diplomatic outreach amid Gaza war criticism: Report The initiative aims to bring hundreds of international delegations to Israel before the year’s end “to help spread the Israeli narrative in international media”, The Times of Israel newspaper is reporting based on an Israeli Foreign Ministry statement. “As part of the battle of perception against the global anti-Israel narrative,” Israel expects about 400 delegations – involving more than 5,000 participants – to visit by December, the newspaper quoted the ministry statement as saying. The plan is estimated to cost $40m, the report said. In past years, the figure averaged just 25 delegations annually, the ministry added. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed more than 62,000 people as the Israeli army continues to besiege the coastal enclave, creating a severe hunger crisis. On August 14, more than 100 aid organisations, including prominent groups such as Oxfam, Doctors Without Borders (MSF), Amnesty International, and the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), condemned Israel’s weaponisation of aid , saying it was obstructing life-saving assistance from entering Gaza. 1h ago (10:40 GMT) Gaza death toll since dawn reaches 20 At least 20 people have been killed in Israeli attacks across the coastal enclave since dawn, medical sources in Gaza have told our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. Among those killed were eight aid seekers, the sources added. 1h ago (10:30 GMT) WATCH: Deir el-Balah tents in flames after Israeli attack Footage verified by Al Jazeera’s Sanad fact-checking agency shows the aftermath of an Israeli attack that hit a tent camp in Gaza’s central city of Deir el-Balah. The video shows numerous tents entirely wrecked or in flames next to a huge crater left behind by the explosion, as firefighters work to put out the blazes. 1h ago (10:15 GMT) Gaza City seizure ‘inherently a political operation’ Al Jazeera’s Rory Challands says Netanyahu’s planned Gaza City seizure is a political move that carries major risks for Israel and him personally. “This is inherently a political military operation,” Challands said. “It was demanded by PM Netanyahu. His generals didn’t really want it. They pushed back, saying it was a trap for the military, that the military was tired after nearly two years of fighting, and wasn’t ready for it. But Netanyahu wanted it.” Before even seeing the detailed plan for the operation, Netanyahu has already said he wants timelines expedited, showing that “politics is an absolutely huge part of what is going on here”, Challands added. “That carries huge risks for Israel, for Netanyahu. One is that this operation will fail because the army is not ready for it, and the reservists won’t turn up or they’ll turn up late, and it just doesn’t have the capability to pursue this operation,” he said. “But then Israeli public opinion is swinging against the war. We understand that a majority of Israelis now want the war to finish.” Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (10:10 GMT) Three Palestinians killed near aid centre in southern Gaza We reported earlier that one person was reported killed by Israeli forces near an aid centre north of Rafah. Medical sources at Nasser Medical Complex now say that at least three people have been killed by Israeli forces north of Rafah, also near an aid centre. It was not immediately clear if the two incidents are linked. Advertisement 1h ago (10:00 GMT) Israel destroyed nearly 80% of aid facilities in Gaza: Palestinian NGOs Network chief Since day one of the war on Gaza, Israel has targeted the humanitarian lifelines for Palestinians in the Strip, leaving people across the coastal enclave with very few options for basic needs such as food, medicine or shelter. “Palestinian civil society organizations have been subjected to numerous attacks, resulting in the killing of 230 aid workers, the injury of hundreds more, and the destruction of nearly 80 percent of their headquarters and humanitarian aid facilities,” Amjad Shawa, director-general of the Palestinian NGOs Network in the Gaza Strip, told Al Jazeera. “These organisations are also facing a severe financial crisis due to the sharp decline in international funding.” Meanwhile, Mohammed al-Najjar, representative of the Al-Khair Foundation, said one of the “most serious obstacles” facing the aid group was the “creation of an alternative mechanism for aid delivery, bypassing local humanitarian organisations”. “This includes entities like the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation, supported by Israel and the United States, which aims to privatise aid delivery through private companies and shelters mainly located in southern Gaza,” he said. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies