close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 14 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Delaware Gov. Mike Castle, a Republican moderate who championed creating the popular 50 State Quarters Program of commemorative coins while he served in Congress, has died. He was 86. The Delaware Republican Party announced that Castle died Thursday in Greenville but shared no other details. DEMOCRATIC SENATOR ADDRESSES WHETHER KAMALA HARRIS HAS REACHED THE END OF HER POLITICAL CAREER Castle was among Delaware’s most successful politicians, never losing a race until his stunning upset in a 2010 primary for the U.S. Senate seat that Democrat Joe Biden held before becoming vice president. During his 18 years in Congress, Castle became a leader of centrist Republicans, earning a reputation as a fiscal conservative and social moderate not afraid to challenge the party line on issues ranging from government spending to environmental protection and abortion. Delaware Democratic Rep. Mike Castle, center, talks with Sen. Tom Carper, left, as Senator-elect Chris Coons, right, looks on during Return Day, Nov. 4, 2010, in Georgetown, Del. (AP Photo/Rob Carr, File) As Delaware’s lone representative in the U.S. House from 1993 to 2011, he supported a pay-as-you-go policy for both spending and tax cuts. Castle played roles in improving child nutrition programs and establishing the No Child Left Behind education reform program. His signature issue in Congress was the commemorative quarters program that featured coins honoring each state, starting with Delaware . He was dubbed by the coin grading service Numismatic Guaranty Company as "The Coinage Congressman." Delaware Republican Senate candidate Rep. Mike Castle, R-Del., answers a question during a town hall meeting in Philadelphia, Aug. 31, 2009. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) The quarters boosted federal revenues as they were taken out of circulation. He also helped establish a similar program honoring U.S. presidents with dollar coins, beginning in 2007, and an "America the Beautiful" quarter program honoring national parks, monuments and nature areas starting in 2010. "The Honorable Michael Castle embodied the best of public service — moderation, integrity, and a steadfast commitment to all Delawareans," Delaware GOP Chairman Gene Truono said in a statement Thursday. Representative Michael Castle of Delaware, right, shakes hands with Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York in front of a drawing representing the 'tails' or obverse side of the new Presidential $1 coin, during an unveiling ceremony at the National Portrait Gallery, Monday, November 20, 2006, in Washington, D.C. (Chris Greenberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images) Castle had been a state lawmaker and lieutenant governor before becoming governor in 1985. Delaware Gov. Matt Meyer ordered flags flown at half-staff for the next week in Castle's honor. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "During his time as governor, Mike Castle visited every single school in our state, including mine, where he spoke to my high school class with the same warmth, humility, and commitment to public service that defined his career," said Meyer, a Democrat. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 14 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Delaware Gov. Mike Castle, a Republican moderate who championed creating the popular 50 State Quarters Program of commemorative coins while he served in Congress, has died. He was 86. The Delaware Republican Party announced that Castle died Thursday in Greenville but shared no other details. DEMOCRATIC SENATOR ADDRESSES WHETHER KAMALA HARRIS HAS REACHED THE END OF HER POLITICAL CAREER Castle was among Delaware’s most successful politicians, never losing a race until his stunning upset in a 2010 primary for the U.S. Senate seat that Democrat Joe Biden held before becoming vice president. During his 18 years in Congress, Castle became a leader of centrist Republicans, earning a reputation as a fiscal conservative and social moderate not afraid to challenge the party line on issues ranging from government spending to environmental protection and abortion. Delaware Democratic Rep. Mike Castle, center, talks with Sen. Tom Carper, left, as Senator-elect Chris Coons, right, looks on during Return Day, Nov. 4, 2010, in Georgetown, Del. (AP Photo/Rob Carr, File) As Delaware’s lone representative in the U.S. House from 1993 to 2011, he supported a pay-as-you-go policy for both spending and tax cuts. Castle played roles in improving child nutrition programs and establishing the No Child Left Behind education reform program. His signature issue in Congress was the commemorative quarters program that featured coins honoring each state, starting with Delaware . He was dubbed by the coin grading service Numismatic Guaranty Company as "The Coinage Congressman." Delaware Republican Senate candidate Rep. Mike Castle, R-Del., answers a question during a town hall meeting in Philadelphia, Aug. 31, 2009. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) The quarters boosted federal revenues as they were taken out of circulation. He also helped establish a similar program honoring U.S. presidents with dollar coins, beginning in 2007, and an "America the Beautiful" quarter program honoring national parks, monuments and nature areas starting in 2010. "The Honorable Michael Castle embodied the best of public service — moderation, integrity, and a steadfast commitment to all Delawareans," Delaware GOP Chairman Gene Truono said in a statement Thursday. Representative Michael Castle of Delaware, right, shakes hands with Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York in front of a drawing representing the 'tails' or obverse side of the new Presidential $1 coin, during an unveiling ceremony at the National Portrait Gallery, Monday, November 20, 2006, in Washington, D.C. (Chris Greenberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images) Castle had been a state lawmaker and lieutenant governor before becoming governor in 1985. Delaware Gov. Matt Meyer ordered flags flown at half-staff for the next week in Castle's honor. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "During his time as governor, Mike Castle visited every single school in our state, including mine, where he spoke to my high school class with the same warmth, humility, and commitment to public service that defined his career," said Meyer, a Democrat. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 14 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Delaware Gov. Mike Castle, a Republican moderate who championed creating the popular 50 State Quarters Program of commemorative coins while he served in Congress, has died. He was 86. The Delaware Republican Party announced that Castle died Thursday in Greenville but shared no other details. DEMOCRATIC SENATOR ADDRESSES WHETHER KAMALA HARRIS HAS REACHED THE END OF HER POLITICAL CAREER Castle was among Delaware’s most successful politicians, never losing a race until his stunning upset in a 2010 primary for the U.S. Senate seat that Democrat Joe Biden held before becoming vice president. During his 18 years in Congress, Castle became a leader of centrist Republicans, earning a reputation as a fiscal conservative and social moderate not afraid to challenge the party line on issues ranging from government spending to environmental protection and abortion. Delaware Democratic Rep. Mike Castle, center, talks with Sen. Tom Carper, left, as Senator-elect Chris Coons, right, looks on during Return Day, Nov. 4, 2010, in Georgetown, Del. (AP Photo/Rob Carr, File) As Delaware’s lone representative in the U.S. House from 1993 to 2011, he supported a pay-as-you-go policy for both spending and tax cuts. Castle played roles in improving child nutrition programs and establishing the No Child Left Behind education reform program. His signature issue in Congress was the commemorative quarters program that featured coins honoring each state, starting with Delaware . He was dubbed by the coin grading service Numismatic Guaranty Company as "The Coinage Congressman." Delaware Republican Senate candidate Rep. Mike Castle, R-Del., answers a question during a town hall meeting in Philadelphia, Aug. 31, 2009. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) The quarters boosted federal revenues as they were taken out of circulation. He also helped establish a similar program honoring U.S. presidents with dollar coins, beginning in 2007, and an "America the Beautiful" quarter program honoring national parks, monuments and nature areas starting in 2010. "The Honorable Michael Castle embodied the best of public service — moderation, integrity, and a steadfast commitment to all Delawareans," Delaware GOP Chairman Gene Truono said in a statement Thursday. Representative Michael Castle of Delaware, right, shakes hands with Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York in front of a drawing representing the 'tails' or obverse side of the new Presidential $1 coin, during an unveiling ceremony at the National Portrait Gallery, Monday, November 20, 2006, in Washington, D.C. (Chris Greenberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images) Castle had been a state lawmaker and lieutenant governor before becoming governor in 1985. Delaware Gov. Matt Meyer ordered flags flown at half-staff for the next week in Castle's honor. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "During his time as governor, Mike Castle visited every single school in our state, including mine, where he spoke to my high school class with the same warmth, humility, and commitment to public service that defined his career," said Meyer, a Democrat.