close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving Texas' legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy … unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree" This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace . close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving Texas' legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy … unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree" This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace . close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min U.S. Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, announced Thursday that he is running to become the next Texas Attorney General. Roy, who represents Texas' 21st Congressional District in the U.S. House, made the announcement in a campaign video shared to X that centered on preserving Texas' legacy of "liberty, freedom and self-determination." "Texas has a long and proud tradition of rising to defend our homes, our freedom, and our communities," he wrote in an accompanying message. "I’m running for Attorney General to carry on that legacy … unafraid to fight, unafraid to win, and unafraid to defend Texas at every turn. #LiveFree" This is a developing story. Check back for updates. Danielle Wallace is a breaking news and politics reporter at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on X: @danimwallace .