close Bikers flood Boston highway, one crashes into police cruiser during wild takeover Chaos erupts as more than 100 bikers swarm a Boston highway, weaving through cars, ignoring traffic laws and colliding with police in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Boston motorists captured the moment over 100 bikers filled a local highway, stopping traffic and wreaking havoc on the roads. The incident was initially reported just after 2 p.m. on Saturday, after Massachusetts State Police received a call regarding a group of people on bicycles, electric scooters and dirt bikes in the O’Neill Tunnel, according to WCVB. "Here comes [one to two] bikes, then 20 bicycles and we realize there is a whole wagon train of them down the road," Michael Filandro, who was driving on the interstate, told the outlet. "I thought it was a little parade or something going on. There was no escort, no police there. They were blowing through traffic lights, zipping around cars." MOTHER AND SON ARRESTED AT MIAMI AIRPORT AFTER FATAL NEW JERSEY STREET RACING CRASH AND ESCAPE ATTEMPT One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) Bystander footage shows dozens of riders racing down the highway without helmets and weaving in and out of vehicles. During the chaos, one of the bike riders reportedly collided with a state police cruiser, WCVB reported. The driver of the bike allegedly jumped off and fled from the police on foot. Only one rider, 22-year-old Adam Harrison, was arrested at the scene of the collision after a trooper recognized him as one of the riders, Boston.com reported. However, Harrison has denied any involvement in the joyride. DRIVER SHOT, ASSAULTED AFTER PLOWING THROUGH CROWD, INJURING 30: LA OFFICIALS One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) "I saw a bunch of bikers go up the Seaport bridge, and I was [like], ‘Oh, that looks like fun,’" Harrison told Boston 25 News . "I was not on the highway. I did not go into the tunnel at all. I’m a 22-year-old guy. I would not condone that at all. I think it’s stupid and it’s reckless to go on the highway." Harrison pleaded not guilty to disorderly conduct and resisting arrest charges on Monday and is due back in court on Sept. 30. Court records reportedly indicate a defense attorney was unavailable for Harrison’s arraignment due to a bar advocate work stoppage, according to Boston.com. ILLEGAL STREET TAKEOVER SHUTS DOWN BUSY INTERSECTION WITH DANGEROUS STUNTS, FIREWORKS: POLICE Adam Harrison appears in court for his arraignment in Boston on Monday, August 18, 2025. (WFXT) Massachusetts State Police and Boston Mayor Michelle Wu did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s requests for comment. Wu, a Democrat, has come under fire for her handling of crime in the blue city. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "It was scary, we didn’t even hear it coming," Michael Lancaster, a witness to the unlawful ride, told WCVB. "They just revved their horns to make themselves known. Just a bunch of dudes on motorcycles. They just came ripping through on dirt bikes." Julia Bonavita is a U.S. Writer for Fox News Digital and a Fox Flight Team drone pilot. You can follow her at @juliabonavita13 on all platforms and send story tips to julia.bonavita@fox.com. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Bikers flood Boston highway, one crashes into police cruiser during wild takeover Chaos erupts as more than 100 bikers swarm a Boston highway, weaving through cars, ignoring traffic laws and colliding with police in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Boston motorists captured the moment over 100 bikers filled a local highway, stopping traffic and wreaking havoc on the roads. The incident was initially reported just after 2 p.m. on Saturday, after Massachusetts State Police received a call regarding a group of people on bicycles, electric scooters and dirt bikes in the O’Neill Tunnel, according to WCVB. "Here comes [one to two] bikes, then 20 bicycles and we realize there is a whole wagon train of them down the road," Michael Filandro, who was driving on the interstate, told the outlet. "I thought it was a little parade or something going on. There was no escort, no police there. They were blowing through traffic lights, zipping around cars." MOTHER AND SON ARRESTED AT MIAMI AIRPORT AFTER FATAL NEW JERSEY STREET RACING CRASH AND ESCAPE ATTEMPT One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) Bystander footage shows dozens of riders racing down the highway without helmets and weaving in and out of vehicles. During the chaos, one of the bike riders reportedly collided with a state police cruiser, WCVB reported. The driver of the bike allegedly jumped off and fled from the police on foot. Only one rider, 22-year-old Adam Harrison, was arrested at the scene of the collision after a trooper recognized him as one of the riders, Boston.com reported. However, Harrison has denied any involvement in the joyride. DRIVER SHOT, ASSAULTED AFTER PLOWING THROUGH CROWD, INJURING 30: LA OFFICIALS One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) "I saw a bunch of bikers go up the Seaport bridge, and I was [like], ‘Oh, that looks like fun,’" Harrison told Boston 25 News . "I was not on the highway. I did not go into the tunnel at all. I’m a 22-year-old guy. I would not condone that at all. I think it’s stupid and it’s reckless to go on the highway." Harrison pleaded not guilty to disorderly conduct and resisting arrest charges on Monday and is due back in court on Sept. 30. Court records reportedly indicate a defense attorney was unavailable for Harrison’s arraignment due to a bar advocate work stoppage, according to Boston.com. ILLEGAL STREET TAKEOVER SHUTS DOWN BUSY INTERSECTION WITH DANGEROUS STUNTS, FIREWORKS: POLICE Adam Harrison appears in court for his arraignment in Boston on Monday, August 18, 2025. (WFXT) Massachusetts State Police and Boston Mayor Michelle Wu did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s requests for comment. Wu, a Democrat, has come under fire for her handling of crime in the blue city. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "It was scary, we didn’t even hear it coming," Michael Lancaster, a witness to the unlawful ride, told WCVB. "They just revved their horns to make themselves known. Just a bunch of dudes on motorcycles. They just came ripping through on dirt bikes." Julia Bonavita is a U.S. Writer for Fox News Digital and a Fox Flight Team drone pilot. You can follow her at @juliabonavita13 on all platforms and send story tips to julia.bonavita@fox.com. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Bikers flood Boston highway, one crashes into police cruiser during wild takeover Chaos erupts as more than 100 bikers swarm a Boston highway, weaving through cars, ignoring traffic laws and colliding with police in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Boston motorists captured the moment over 100 bikers filled a local highway, stopping traffic and wreaking havoc on the roads. The incident was initially reported just after 2 p.m. on Saturday, after Massachusetts State Police received a call regarding a group of people on bicycles, electric scooters and dirt bikes in the O’Neill Tunnel, according to WCVB. "Here comes [one to two] bikes, then 20 bicycles and we realize there is a whole wagon train of them down the road," Michael Filandro, who was driving on the interstate, told the outlet. "I thought it was a little parade or something going on. There was no escort, no police there. They were blowing through traffic lights, zipping around cars." MOTHER AND SON ARRESTED AT MIAMI AIRPORT AFTER FATAL NEW JERSEY STREET RACING CRASH AND ESCAPE ATTEMPT One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) Bystander footage shows dozens of riders racing down the highway without helmets and weaving in and out of vehicles. During the chaos, one of the bike riders reportedly collided with a state police cruiser, WCVB reported. The driver of the bike allegedly jumped off and fled from the police on foot. Only one rider, 22-year-old Adam Harrison, was arrested at the scene of the collision after a trooper recognized him as one of the riders, Boston.com reported. However, Harrison has denied any involvement in the joyride. DRIVER SHOT, ASSAULTED AFTER PLOWING THROUGH CROWD, INJURING 30: LA OFFICIALS One person was arrested after over 100 bikers flooded a Boston highway in Massachusetts on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Sandy Poirier via Storyful) "I saw a bunch of bikers go up the Seaport bridge, and I was [like], ‘Oh, that looks like fun,’" Harrison told Boston 25 News . "I was not on the highway. I did not go into the tunnel at all. I’m a 22-year-old guy. I would not condone that at all. I think it’s stupid and it’s reckless to go on the highway." Harrison pleaded not guilty to disorderly conduct and resisting arrest charges on Monday and is due back in court on Sept. 30. Court records reportedly indicate a defense attorney was unavailable for Harrison’s arraignment due to a bar advocate work stoppage, according to Boston.com. ILLEGAL STREET TAKEOVER SHUTS DOWN BUSY INTERSECTION WITH DANGEROUS STUNTS, FIREWORKS: POLICE Adam Harrison appears in court for his arraignment in Boston on Monday, August 18, 2025. (WFXT) Massachusetts State Police and Boston Mayor Michelle Wu did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s requests for comment. Wu, a Democrat, has come under fire for her handling of crime in the blue city. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "It was scary, we didn’t even hear it coming," Michael Lancaster, a witness to the unlawful ride, told WCVB. "They just revved their horns to make themselves known. Just a bunch of dudes on motorcycles. They just came ripping through on dirt bikes." Julia Bonavita is a U.S. Writer for Fox News Digital and a Fox Flight Team drone pilot. You can follow her at @juliabonavita13 on all platforms and send story tips to julia.bonavita@fox.com.