close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. Dobson, a psychologist widely regarded as one of the most influential Christian leaders of the past half-century, passed away Thursday morning, the Dr. James Dobson Family Institute (JDFI) announced. "Dr. Dobson was a pioneer — a man of deep conviction whose voice shaped the way generations view faith, family, and culture," said Gary Bauer, senior vice president of public policy at the JDFI. "His bold leadership, integrity, and compassion helped equip countless families to thrive in a world of shifting values. He was a mentor, a counselor, and a steady voice of truth in turbulent times." Dobson founded Focus on the Family in 1977 and grew into one of the largest evangelical ministries in the world. In 2010, after leaving Focus, Dobson created JDFI as a smaller but more personal institute to continue his mission, with a sharper emphasis on his own broadcast and teaching. This a developing story and will be updated. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. (Photo by Jeff Fusco/Getty Images) Michael Dorgan is a writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. You can send tips to michael.dorgan@fox.com and follow him on Twitter @M_Dorgan. close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. Dobson, a psychologist widely regarded as one of the most influential Christian leaders of the past half-century, passed away Thursday morning, the Dr. James Dobson Family Institute (JDFI) announced. "Dr. Dobson was a pioneer — a man of deep conviction whose voice shaped the way generations view faith, family, and culture," said Gary Bauer, senior vice president of public policy at the JDFI. "His bold leadership, integrity, and compassion helped equip countless families to thrive in a world of shifting values. He was a mentor, a counselor, and a steady voice of truth in turbulent times." Dobson founded Focus on the Family in 1977 and grew into one of the largest evangelical ministries in the world. In 2010, after leaving Focus, Dobson created JDFI as a smaller but more personal institute to continue his mission, with a sharper emphasis on his own broadcast and teaching. This a developing story and will be updated. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. (Photo by Jeff Fusco/Getty Images) Michael Dorgan is a writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. You can send tips to michael.dorgan@fox.com and follow him on Twitter @M_Dorgan. close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 21 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Join Fox News for access to this content You have reached your maximum number of articles. Log in or create an account FREE of charge to continue reading. By entering your email and pushing continue, you are agreeing to Fox News' Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , which includes our Notice of Financial Incentive . Please enter a valid email address. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. Dobson, a psychologist widely regarded as one of the most influential Christian leaders of the past half-century, passed away Thursday morning, the Dr. James Dobson Family Institute (JDFI) announced. "Dr. Dobson was a pioneer — a man of deep conviction whose voice shaped the way generations view faith, family, and culture," said Gary Bauer, senior vice president of public policy at the JDFI. "His bold leadership, integrity, and compassion helped equip countless families to thrive in a world of shifting values. He was a mentor, a counselor, and a steady voice of truth in turbulent times." Dobson founded Focus on the Family in 1977 and grew into one of the largest evangelical ministries in the world. In 2010, after leaving Focus, Dobson created JDFI as a smaller but more personal institute to continue his mission, with a sharper emphasis on his own broadcast and teaching. This a developing story and will be updated. Dr. James Dobson, founder of the Focus on the Family Christian ministry and former advisor to five U.S. presidents, has died at 89. (Photo by Jeff Fusco/Getty Images) Michael Dorgan is a writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. You can send tips to michael.dorgan@fox.com and follow him on Twitter @M_Dorgan.