Featured Content EXCLUSIVE US college declines to oppose Trump travel ban after Iranian students’ plea Letter called on University of Texas at Austin to denounce ban on Iranians and take ‘immediate legal action’. EXPLAINER Why is Pakistan flooding, and what is the solution? US senators urge Rubio to press Israel over journalist killings Russian air attacks on Ukraine kill one amid diplomatic push to end war Match abandoned in Argentina with 10 hurt, 90 arrested as violence erupts No Messi, no problem: Inter Miami beat Tigris in Leagues Cup quarterfinal Israel’s Netanyahu escalates attack on Australia’s Albanese as ties plunge Can China make Pakistan and the Taliban friends again? North Korea’s Kim lauds ‘heroic’ troops deployed with Russia in Ukraine war EXCLUSIVE US college declines to oppose Trump travel ban after Iranian students’ plea Letter called on University of Texas at Austin to denounce ban on Iranians and take ‘immediate legal action’. EXPLAINER Why is Pakistan flooding, and what is the solution? US senators urge Rubio to press Israel over journalist killings Russian air attacks on Ukraine kill one amid diplomatic push to end war Match abandoned in Argentina with 10 hurt, 90 arrested as violence erupts No Messi, no problem: Inter Miami beat Tigris in Leagues Cup quarterfinal Israel’s Netanyahu escalates attack on Australia’s Albanese as ties plunge Can China make Pakistan and the Taliban friends again? North Korea’s Kim lauds ‘heroic’ troops deployed with Russia in Ukraine war Jake Paul to fight WBA lightweight boxing champion Gervonta Davis YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul will face off against Gervonta ‘Tank’ Davis at State Farm Arena on November 14. Xi Jinping makes rare visit to Tibet as 60 years of Chinese rule celebrated State media reports Chinese leader’s arrival in Tibet was greeted with people waving bouquets of flowers and dancing. Live updates Live updates, Two Palestinians starve to death as Israel intensifies Gaza City attacks Israel is intensifying attacks on Gaza City, which it plans to seize, as world leaders condemn E1 settlement project. Gaza bodybuilders fight to preserve muscle amid deliberate starvation Athletes train with salvaged gym equipment in a tent, desperately trying to maintain physical strength during a famine. US health workers implore RFK Jr to ‘stop spreading inaccurate’ information Some 750 federal health employees signed the letter two weeks after a gunman fired 180 bullets into CDC buildings. The Take: What’s behind Israel’s ground push into Gaza City? Israel pushes into Gaza City as Hamas accepts a ceasefire. What does this reveal about Israel’s broader Gaza plan? Brazil’s ex-President Bolsonaro planned asylum in Argentina, police say Police claim Brazil’s ex-President Jair Bolsonaro wrote letter seeking asylum in Argentina amid coup probe. ‘Moral imperative’: Hundreds of business leaders demand UK action on Israel More than 700 acclaimed professionals call for arms embargo, sanctions and scrutiny as Gaza faces darkest days. Europe must shoulder ‘lion’s share’ of Ukraine’s security, Vance says US vice president says Europe will be expected to play the ‘leading role’ in guaranteeing Kyiv’s post-war security. Netherlands sending 300 troops, Patriot missile systems to Poland Dutch defence minister announces details of support for Poland as Polish authorities accuse Russia of ‘provocation’.