By Anealla Safdar Published On 21 Aug 2025 21 Aug 2025 Save to Reading list London, United Kingdom – Hundreds of business leaders in the United Kingdom – including a former adviser to the king and a sustainability consultant descended from Holocaust victims – are calling on the government to take action against Israel as the crisis in Gaza worsens. As of Thursday morning, 762 people had signed a statement calling on the UK to cease all arms trade with Israel, sanction those accused of violating international law – ostensibly including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as he is wanted for arrest by the International Criminal Court, invest in screening to stop the UK financing “complicit” companies, and enforce the United Nations’s principles on business and human rights across the UK’s economic systems. Recommended Stories list of 4 items list 1 of 4 Israel approves illegal settlement plan that would split occupied West Bank list 2 of 4 Most Americans support international recognition of Palestine: Poll list 3 of 4 Abdullah left Gaza for treatment in Turkiye, but it was too late list 4 of 4 Israel begins planned Gaza City assault as it calls up 60,000 reservists end of list “We see this not only as a moral imperative, but as a matter of professional responsibility – consistent with our duty to act in the best interests of long-term societal and economic resilience,” the letter reads. “The UK must ensure that no business – whether through products, services, or supply chains – is contributing to these atrocities, directly or indirectly.” Among the signatories are the former royal adviser Jonathon Porritt CBE; sustainability consultant Adam Garfunkel; Frieda Gormley, the founder of the luxury interior design brand House of Hackney; the prominent philanthropist who once led Unilever, Paul Polman; and Geetie Singh-Watson MBE, an organic food entrepreneur – as well as other professionals who have been honoured with the Member of the British Empire (MBE) award. Advertisement They have pledged to support the UK government with an “ongoing process of reflection and action – reviewing our operations, supply chains, financial flows, and influence to help foster peace, uphold human rights, and strengthen respect for international law”. “Business cannot succeed in societies that are falling apart,” said Polman. “It is time for business leaders to show courage, speak out, and use our influence to uphold international law.” The number of professionals signing the letter is growing as Palestinians in the Gaza Strip face their darkest days. Israel is beginning a feared invasion into Gaza City while thousands endure hunger and famine due to the blockade of the Strip. “We need as businesses to justify our existence and to recognise that all people everywhere deserve to be treated fairly,” Garfunkel told Al Jazeera. “My family was caught up in the Holocaust. My father was lucky enough to escape with his brother and his parents to the UK. My great grandparents were taken to the woods and shot and buried in a mass grave, and what I’ve taken from that is a strong belief that everyone matters, that everyone has human rights, that persecution on the basis of ethnic identity is always wrong, wherever it happens.” Israel’s latest war on Gaza, termed a genocide by leading rights groups, has killed more than 60,000 people in the 22 months since October 7, 2023, when Hamas led an incursion into southern Israel, during which about 1,200 were killed and 250 taken captive – “grave crimes under international law”, according to the letter. “However, the Israeli government’s ongoing military campaign amounts to an unrelenting and indefensible assault on civilians, breaching both moral boundaries and the core principles of the Geneva Conventions,” it added. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA Porritt, who counselled King Charles on environmental issues for 30 years when the monarch held the Prince of Wales title and has chaired a sustainable development commission set up by former Prime Minister Tony Blair, said the letter reflects the role of businesses in society at a critical time. “It’s just become so much clearer over the course of the last few months that this situation now is completely intolerable. And it constitutes very specifically a genocide against the people of Palestine, of Gaza,” he told Al Jazeera. Businesses are obliged to be supportive in “achieving and maintaining” human rights in the countries in which they’re trading, he said. “That provides a very strong steer as to why individual business leaders need to get involved at this stage.” Porritt has recently made headlines in the British media for his support of Palestine Action , a protest group that was proscribed by the UK government weeks ago as a terrorist organisation. Advertisement He was among the more than 500 citizens arrested during an August 9 rally in London, where he raised a banner reading, “I oppose genocide, I support Palestine Action.” His bail hearing is set for late October. Source: Al Jazeera list 1 of 4 Israel approves illegal settlement plan that would split occupied West Bank list 2 of 4 Most Americans support international recognition of Palestine: Poll list 3 of 4 Abdullah left Gaza for treatment in Turkiye, but it was too late list 4 of 4 Israel begins planned Gaza City assault as it calls up 60,000 reservists