27 Updates Auto-updates 1m ago (10:00 GMT) Israel destroyed nearly 80% of aid facilities in Gaza: Palestinian NGOs Network chief Since day one of the war on Gaza, Israel has targeted the humanitarian lifelines for Palestinians in the Strip, leaving people across the coastal enclave with very few options for basic needs such as food, medicine or shelter. “Palestinian civil society organizations have been subjected to numerous attacks, resulting in the killing of 230 aid workers, the injury of hundreds more, and the destruction of nearly 80 percent of their headquarters and humanitarian aid facilities,” Amjad Shawa, director-general of the Palestinian NGOs Network in the Gaza Strip, told Al Jazeera. “These organisations are also facing a severe financial crisis due to the sharp decline in international funding.” Meanwhile, Mohammed al-Najjar, representative of the Al-Khair Foundation, said one of the “most serious obstacles” facing the aid group was the “creation of an alternative mechanism for aid delivery, bypassing local humanitarian organisations”. “This includes entities like the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation, supported by Israel and the United States, which aims to privatise aid delivery through private companies and shelters mainly located in southern Gaza,” he said. 16m ago (09:45 GMT) Just 250 aid trucks entered Gaza in past three days: Media Office Gaza’s Government Media Office says just 250 aid trucks reached the enclave in the past three days, most of which were looted. That’s far below the 1,800 trucks expected during this timeframe, it said in a statement on Telegram. In addition, Israeli restrictions have continued to block “vital food items” from being transported in, including eggs, red meat, fish, dairy products, vegetables and nutritional supplements, according to the office. It went on to say it holds Israel and its allies “fully responsible for the humanitarian catastrophe” and urged “the United Nations, Arab and Islamic countries and the international community to take serious action to open the crossings and ensure the flow of aid, especially food, baby formula and life-saving medicines, and to hold the occupation accountable for its crimes against civilians”. 20m ago (09:40 GMT) Gaza death toll rises At least 70 Palestinians, including 18 aid seekers, have been killed and 356 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed 62,192 Palestinians and injured 157,114 since October 7, 2023, the ministry added. The total number of aid seekers killed since May 27, when Israel introduced a new aid distribution mechanism through the US-based GHF, has reached 2,036, with more than 15,064 injured, the statement said. Advertisement 31m ago (09:30 GMT) Planned Israeli operation in Gaza City could mean ‘wholesale occupation’ Al Jazeera’s Rory Challands says Israel’s current operations in and around Gaza City are preparing the way for a near-wholesale occupation of the Gaza Strip. “We understand from an Israeli military spokesperson that two Israeli military brigades – the Nihal and the Givati Brigade – are already operating in a couple of parts of Gaza City or the surrounding area, including Zeitoun and Jabalia,” he said. “This is essentially a shaping operation to lay the groundwork for the much bigger operation to come,” he added. To carry out the operation, the military aims to call up at least 50,000 reservists in three tranches – beginning in September and ending next year, said Challands. “So, we can see that this is an operation that the military plans to take quite some time. Israel has already occupied around 75 percent of Gaza,” he added. “If they are successful in taking Gaza City, that would essentially move them towards a pretty much wholesale occupation of the whole Strip.” 46m ago (09:15 GMT) Israeli army claims to have killed 15 Palestinian fighters in southern Gaza The Israeli army says its soldiers from the Kfir Brigade and Armored Corps, with “close cooperation and support from the Israeli Air Force”, killed about “15 terrorists” in Khan Younis yesterday night. As we reported yesterday, based on medical sources at Nasser Hospital, three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli drone attack on a tent in Khan Younis housing displaced people. Five more Palestinians were reported killed this morning in an Israeli drone attack northwest of Khan Younis. 1h ago (09:00 GMT) Israeli official’s arrest, flight from US prompts fury among Trump supporters The arrest and flight from the US of an Israeli cybersecurity official who was caught in a child sex setup has sharpened Republican divisions over Washington’s relationship with Israel amid the Gaza war. Earlier this month, Tom Artiom Alexandrovich, who headed a division at the Israel National Cyber Directorate, was arrested after trying to meet a 15-year-old girl for “sexual contact”, police said. He posted bail and fled for Israel before his court date. The US State Department denied the US government intervened in any way. But Republican lawmakers such as Marjorie Taylor Greene and Thomas Massie, along with major right-wing commentators like Tucker Carlson, cast the case as part of a wider pattern of US deference to Israel and demanded Alexandrovich be extradited. “The most concerning question is when and how did America become so subservient to Israel that we immediately release a CHILD SEX PREDATOR after arrest,” wrote Greene, one of Trump’s most vocal supporters, in a post on X, in which she also criticised a State Department decision to halt visitor visas for Palestinians from Gaza, including for children who need medical care. 1h ago (08:45 GMT) Global pressure failed to affect Israel’s strategy in Gaza Israel’s push into Gaza City marks a dangerous escalation, which will inevitably cause more death and destruction, analyst Adel Abdel Ghafar says. “This is all part and parcel of the punishment of the Palestinian people,” Ghafar, a senior fellow and director of the foreign policy programme at the Middle East Council on Global Affairs, told Al Jazeera. He noted that despite “massive protests” and growing opposition to Israeli actions around the world, the global pressure has not affected the Israeli government’s strategy. “The Netanyahu government really wants to push the Gazans out of Gaza,” he added. On the timing of Israel’s military moves alongside lingering ceasefire talks, Ghafar said the Israeli government wants to keep discussions going, “because it also has a domestic constituency that wants the hostages released”. “But the right-wing of the government wants to also forge ahead with this takeover of Gaza, not just Gaza City.” 1h ago (08:36 GMT) Two Palestinians starve to death in Gaza in past 24 hours: Ministry Gaza’s Health Ministry has recorded two deaths “due to famine and malnutrition in the past 24 hours”. The latest count brings the total number of hunger-related deaths in the enclave over the course of Israel’s war on Gaza to 271, including 112 children, the ministry statement said on Telegram. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (08:30 GMT) Four more arrested in occupied West Bank: Report We reported earlier that Israeli forces arrested six people near Ramallah. The Wafa news agency is now reporting that the Israeli army has also arrested four Palestinians in the city of Hebron, the city of ad-Dhahiriya and the village of at-Tabaqa. Advertisement 1h ago (08:15 GMT) Photos: Israeli protesters in Tel Aviv demand action to bring back captives 1h ago (08:10 GMT) One killed near aid centre in southern Gaza: Emergency services The Gaza Emergency and Ambulance Service says that one Palestinian was killed and at least 15 others were injured near an aid centre north of Rafah, as a result of Israeli fire. Earlier, we reported, citing medical sources in Gaza, that Israeli forces killed at least five people in the southern Gaza city of Khan Younis. 2h ago (08:00 GMT) Hamas calls for Palestinians to defend Al-Aqsa Mosque on 56th anniversary of arson attack The Palestinian group has issued a statement marking the 56th anniversary of a 1969 arson attack on Al-Aqsa Mosque. The attack was carried out by an Australian Christian living in Israel who said he hoped to enable Israel to build its temple there. In its statement, Hamas warned against what it described as ongoing Israeli attempts to “obliterate” the site’s “Islamic identity”. “The city of Jerusalem and Al-Aqsa Mosque will remain the symbol of the struggle against the Zionist enemy and the compass of the unity of our people and our nation in defending and supporting them, and in solidarity with its people and those stationed there, until they are liberated from the desecration of the occupation,” Hamas said. The group urged Palestinians across Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank to travel to Al-Aqsa “to defend it and to remain in seclusion there. They must confront all attempts by extremists to storm and desecrate it and thwart their plans.” 2h ago (07:55 GMT) Manhunt under way near Ramallah after shooting near illegal Israeli outpost: Army We reported earlier, based on an Israeli army report, that there was a “security incident” near the illegal Israeli outpost of Malachei HaShalom in the occupied West Bank, near Ramallah. The army now reports that “a terrorist” – referring to a Palestinian person – fired at Israeli settlers on the edge of the illegal Israeli outpost of Adei Ad, about 5km (3.1 miles) from Malachei HaShalom, prompting “a violent confrontation” between the alleged attacker and Israeli settlers. “An Israeli citizen was lightly injured during the incident, and was evacuated to a hospital to receive medical treatment,” the statement published on Telegram said in English. It added that the Israeli soldiers have encircled the Palestinian village of al-Mughayyir, located 5.5km (3.4 miles) from Adei Ad, “along with additional areas and are currently conducting searches to locate the terrorist”. 2h ago (07:45 GMT) Gaza City being constantly bombarded as residents struggle to find refuge Life in Gaza City has essentially collapsed into a struggle for sheer survival as Israel is still pressing ahead with its military operation to take control of the entire city. As we understand, entire neighbourhoods have come under constant Israeli bombardment. Residents on the ground report that the sound of drones and jets never leaves the sky, while people continue to move through streets filled with debris, searching for food and shelter, finding nothing. Israel is still intensifying its attacks on these areas, and what is officially described as a military operation has effectively translated, on the ground, into a systematic destruction of daily life. Simply surviving has become an ever-harder challenge for families there. Recently, we’ve seen some families moving from Gaza City to the south, hoping to find some sense of safety or refuge. However, the question remains: where can people actually find safety? Just a few minutes ago, before I came on air, there was a huge attack only metres away from where we are, behind Al-Aqsa Hospital. A makeshift camp in that area was struck by three missiles. 2h ago (07:30 GMT) Israeli forces kill 5 Palestinians in southern Gaza: Hospital sources At least five Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli drone attack northwest of Gaza’s southern city of Khan Younis. That’s according to medical sources at the city’s Nasser Medical Complex, speaking to our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. 2h ago (07:15 GMT) One killed in Israeli raid on southern Lebanon A person has been confirmed killed in the Israeli drone attack on a motorcycle in southern Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area, Lebanon’s National News Agency cites the Health Ministry as saying. Israel’s military has not commented on the attack. 3h ago (07:00 GMT) ‘Ceasefire now’: UNRWA warns against loss of third school year in Gaza The UN agency for Palestinian refugees has once again called for a ceasefire in Gaza, highlighting that children in the coastal enclave face a third year without school. “Instead of learning, children spend their time searching for water and food,” it said in a post on X. “Children urgently need a Ceasefire Now so they can go back to learning and reconnect with whatever is left of their childhood.” According to UNRWA, nearly 88 percent of all school buildings have been directly hit since the war on Gaza began in October 2023. 3h ago (06:45 GMT) At least six Palestinians arrested by Israeli forces in occupied West Bank: Report Israeli forces have carried out a wave of raids and arrests in the occupied West Bank this morning, the Wafa news agency reports. While raiding the Am’ari refugee camp, near Ramallah, they arrested two people. During an operation in the nearby town of Deir Ibzi, they arrested four more people, including a 52-year-old man, according to the agency. 3h ago (06:30 GMT) Gaza bodybuilders fight to preserve muscle amid Israel blockade and famine Mohamed Solaimane Reporting from al-Mawasi, southern Gaza Sweat streams down Tareq Abu Youssef’s face as he struggles through his gym workout on makeshift bodybuilding equipment, each movement more laboured than it should be. The 23-year-old Palestinian deliberately keeps his training sessions minimal, a painful reduction from the intensive routines he once loved – but in a territory where nearly everyone is starving, maintaining muscle mass has become an act of survival and resistance. “I have dropped 14 kilograms (30.8lb), from 72kg to 58kg (159lb to 128lb), since March,” Abu Youssef said, referring to when Israel tightened its siege by closing border crossings and severely restricting food deliveries. “But if eating has become an abnormality in Gaza, working out for bodybuilders like us is one rare way to maintain normalcy,” he tells Al Jazeera. His story reflects a broader humanitarian catastrophe: Across Gaza’s 365 square kilometres (140 square miles), 2.1 million Palestinians face what aid agencies describe as deliberate, weaponised hunger. Read more here . 3h ago (06:25 GMT) UN chief repeats call for ceasefire UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has again pressed for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, as Israel’s military ramps up attacks on Gaza City in preparation to seize it. “It is vital to reach immediately a ceasefire in Gaza and the unconditional release of all hostages, and to avoid the massive death and destruction that a military operation against Gaza would inevitably cause,” Guterres wrote in a post on X. He also criticised Israel’s so-called E1 settlement expansion project in the occupied West Bank, calling it an “illegal” plan that would “divide the West Bank”. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies 27 Updates Auto-updates 1m ago (10:00 GMT) Israel destroyed nearly 80% of aid facilities in Gaza: Palestinian NGOs Network chief Since day one of the war on Gaza, Israel has targeted the humanitarian lifelines for Palestinians in the Strip, leaving people across the coastal enclave with very few options for basic needs such as food, medicine or shelter. “Palestinian civil society organizations have been subjected to numerous attacks, resulting in the killing of 230 aid workers, the injury of hundreds more, and the destruction of nearly 80 percent of their headquarters and humanitarian aid facilities,” Amjad Shawa, director-general of the Palestinian NGOs Network in the Gaza Strip, told Al Jazeera. “These organisations are also facing a severe financial crisis due to the sharp decline in international funding.” Meanwhile, Mohammed al-Najjar, representative of the Al-Khair Foundation, said one of the “most serious obstacles” facing the aid group was the “creation of an alternative mechanism for aid delivery, bypassing local humanitarian organisations”. “This includes entities like the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation, supported by Israel and the United States, which aims to privatise aid delivery through private companies and shelters mainly located in southern Gaza,” he said. 16m ago (09:45 GMT) Just 250 aid trucks entered Gaza in past three days: Media Office Gaza’s Government Media Office says just 250 aid trucks reached the enclave in the past three days, most of which were looted. That’s far below the 1,800 trucks expected during this timeframe, it said in a statement on Telegram. In addition, Israeli restrictions have continued to block “vital food items” from being transported in, including eggs, red meat, fish, dairy products, vegetables and nutritional supplements, according to the office. It went on to say it holds Israel and its allies “fully responsible for the humanitarian catastrophe” and urged “the United Nations, Arab and Islamic countries and the international community to take serious action to open the crossings and ensure the flow of aid, especially food, baby formula and life-saving medicines, and to hold the occupation accountable for its crimes against civilians”. 20m ago (09:40 GMT) Gaza death toll rises At least 70 Palestinians, including 18 aid seekers, have been killed and 356 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed 62,192 Palestinians and injured 157,114 since October 7, 2023, the ministry added. The total number of aid seekers killed since May 27, when Israel introduced a new aid distribution mechanism through the US-based GHF, has reached 2,036, with more than 15,064 injured, the statement said. Advertisement 31m ago (09:30 GMT) Planned Israeli operation in Gaza City could mean ‘wholesale occupation’ Al Jazeera’s Rory Challands says Israel’s current operations in and around Gaza City are preparing the way for a near-wholesale occupation of the Gaza Strip. “We understand from an Israeli military spokesperson that two Israeli military brigades – the Nihal and the Givati Brigade – are already operating in a couple of parts of Gaza City or the surrounding area, including Zeitoun and Jabalia,” he said. “This is essentially a shaping operation to lay the groundwork for the much bigger operation to come,” he added. To carry out the operation, the military aims to call up at least 50,000 reservists in three tranches – beginning in September and ending next year, said Challands. “So, we can see that this is an operation that the military plans to take quite some time. Israel has already occupied around 75 percent of Gaza,” he added. “If they are successful in taking Gaza City, that would essentially move them towards a pretty much wholesale occupation of the whole Strip.” 46m ago (09:15 GMT) Israeli army claims to have killed 15 Palestinian fighters in southern Gaza The Israeli army says its soldiers from the Kfir Brigade and Armored Corps, with “close cooperation and support from the Israeli Air Force”, killed about “15 terrorists” in Khan Younis yesterday night. As we reported yesterday, based on medical sources at Nasser Hospital, three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli drone attack on a tent in Khan Younis housing displaced people. Five more Palestinians were reported killed this morning in an Israeli drone attack northwest of Khan Younis. 1h ago (09:00 GMT) Israeli official’s arrest, flight from US prompts fury among Trump supporters The arrest and flight from the US of an Israeli cybersecurity official who was caught in a child sex setup has sharpened Republican divisions over Washington’s relationship with Israel amid the Gaza war. Earlier this month, Tom Artiom Alexandrovich, who headed a division at the Israel National Cyber Directorate, was arrested after trying to meet a 15-year-old girl for “sexual contact”, police said. He posted bail and fled for Israel before his court date. The US State Department denied the US government intervened in any way. But Republican lawmakers such as Marjorie Taylor Greene and Thomas Massie, along with major right-wing commentators like Tucker Carlson, cast the case as part of a wider pattern of US deference to Israel and demanded Alexandrovich be extradited. “The most concerning question is when and how did America become so subservient to Israel that we immediately release a CHILD SEX PREDATOR after arrest,” wrote Greene, one of Trump’s most vocal supporters, in a post on X, in which she also criticised a State Department decision to halt visitor visas for Palestinians from Gaza, including for children who need medical care. 1h ago (08:45 GMT) Global pressure failed to affect Israel’s strategy in Gaza Israel’s push into Gaza City marks a dangerous escalation, which will inevitably cause more death and destruction, analyst Adel Abdel Ghafar says. “This is all part and parcel of the punishment of the Palestinian people,” Ghafar, a senior fellow and director of the foreign policy programme at the Middle East Council on Global Affairs, told Al Jazeera. He noted that despite “massive protests” and growing opposition to Israeli actions around the world, the global pressure has not affected the Israeli government’s strategy. “The Netanyahu government really wants to push the Gazans out of Gaza,” he added. On the timing of Israel’s military moves alongside lingering ceasefire talks, Ghafar said the Israeli government wants to keep discussions going, “because it also has a domestic constituency that wants the hostages released”. “But the right-wing of the government wants to also forge ahead with this takeover of Gaza, not just Gaza City.” 1h ago (08:36 GMT) Two Palestinians starve to death in Gaza in past 24 hours: Ministry Gaza’s Health Ministry has recorded two deaths “due to famine and malnutrition in the past 24 hours”. The latest count brings the total number of hunger-related deaths in the enclave over the course of Israel’s war on Gaza to 271, including 112 children, the ministry statement said on Telegram. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (08:30 GMT) Four more arrested in occupied West Bank: Report We reported earlier that Israeli forces arrested six people near Ramallah. The Wafa news agency is now reporting that the Israeli army has also arrested four Palestinians in the city of Hebron, the city of ad-Dhahiriya and the village of at-Tabaqa. Advertisement 1h ago (08:15 GMT) Photos: Israeli protesters in Tel Aviv demand action to bring back captives 1h ago (08:10 GMT) One killed near aid centre in southern Gaza: Emergency services The Gaza Emergency and Ambulance Service says that one Palestinian was killed and at least 15 others were injured near an aid centre north of Rafah, as a result of Israeli fire. Earlier, we reported, citing medical sources in Gaza, that Israeli forces killed at least five people in the southern Gaza city of Khan Younis. 2h ago (08:00 GMT) Hamas calls for Palestinians to defend Al-Aqsa Mosque on 56th anniversary of arson attack The Palestinian group has issued a statement marking the 56th anniversary of a 1969 arson attack on Al-Aqsa Mosque. The attack was carried out by an Australian Christian living in Israel who said he hoped to enable Israel to build its temple there. In its statement, Hamas warned against what it described as ongoing Israeli attempts to “obliterate” the site’s “Islamic identity”. “The city of Jerusalem and Al-Aqsa Mosque will remain the symbol of the struggle against the Zionist enemy and the compass of the unity of our people and our nation in defending and supporting them, and in solidarity with its people and those stationed there, until they are liberated from the desecration of the occupation,” Hamas said. The group urged Palestinians across Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank to travel to Al-Aqsa “to defend it and to remain in seclusion there. They must confront all attempts by extremists to storm and desecrate it and thwart their plans.” 2h ago (07:55 GMT) Manhunt under way near Ramallah after shooting near illegal Israeli outpost: Army We reported earlier, based on an Israeli army report, that there was a “security incident” near the illegal Israeli outpost of Malachei HaShalom in the occupied West Bank, near Ramallah. The army now reports that “a terrorist” – referring to a Palestinian person – fired at Israeli settlers on the edge of the illegal Israeli outpost of Adei Ad, about 5km (3.1 miles) from Malachei HaShalom, prompting “a violent confrontation” between the alleged attacker and Israeli settlers. “An Israeli citizen was lightly injured during the incident, and was evacuated to a hospital to receive medical treatment,” the statement published on Telegram said in English. It added that the Israeli soldiers have encircled the Palestinian village of al-Mughayyir, located 5.5km (3.4 miles) from Adei Ad, “along with additional areas and are currently conducting searches to locate the terrorist”. 2h ago (07:45 GMT) Gaza City being constantly bombarded as residents struggle to find refuge Life in Gaza City has essentially collapsed into a struggle for sheer survival as Israel is still pressing ahead with its military operation to take control of the entire city. As we understand, entire neighbourhoods have come under constant Israeli bombardment. Residents on the ground report that the sound of drones and jets never leaves the sky, while people continue to move through streets filled with debris, searching for food and shelter, finding nothing. Israel is still intensifying its attacks on these areas, and what is officially described as a military operation has effectively translated, on the ground, into a systematic destruction of daily life. Simply surviving has become an ever-harder challenge for families there. Recently, we’ve seen some families moving from Gaza City to the south, hoping to find some sense of safety or refuge. However, the question remains: where can people actually find safety? Just a few minutes ago, before I came on air, there was a huge attack only metres away from where we are, behind Al-Aqsa Hospital. A makeshift camp in that area was struck by three missiles. 2h ago (07:30 GMT) Israeli forces kill 5 Palestinians in southern Gaza: Hospital sources At least five Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli drone attack northwest of Gaza’s southern city of Khan Younis. That’s according to medical sources at the city’s Nasser Medical Complex, speaking to our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. 2h ago (07:15 GMT) One killed in Israeli raid on southern Lebanon A person has been confirmed killed in the Israeli drone attack on a motorcycle in southern Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area, Lebanon’s National News Agency cites the Health Ministry as saying. Israel’s military has not commented on the attack. 3h ago (07:00 GMT) ‘Ceasefire now’: UNRWA warns against loss of third school year in Gaza The UN agency for Palestinian refugees has once again called for a ceasefire in Gaza, highlighting that children in the coastal enclave face a third year without school. “Instead of learning, children spend their time searching for water and food,” it said in a post on X. “Children urgently need a Ceasefire Now so they can go back to learning and reconnect with whatever is left of their childhood.” According to UNRWA, nearly 88 percent of all school buildings have been directly hit since the war on Gaza began in October 2023. 3h ago (06:45 GMT) At least six Palestinians arrested by Israeli forces in occupied West Bank: Report Israeli forces have carried out a wave of raids and arrests in the occupied West Bank this morning, the Wafa news agency reports. While raiding the Am’ari refugee camp, near Ramallah, they arrested two people. During an operation in the nearby town of Deir Ibzi, they arrested four more people, including a 52-year-old man, according to the agency. 3h ago (06:30 GMT) Gaza bodybuilders fight to preserve muscle amid Israel blockade and famine Mohamed Solaimane Reporting from al-Mawasi, southern Gaza Sweat streams down Tareq Abu Youssef’s face as he struggles through his gym workout on makeshift bodybuilding equipment, each movement more laboured than it should be. The 23-year-old Palestinian deliberately keeps his training sessions minimal, a painful reduction from the intensive routines he once loved – but in a territory where nearly everyone is starving, maintaining muscle mass has become an act of survival and resistance. “I have dropped 14 kilograms (30.8lb), from 72kg to 58kg (159lb to 128lb), since March,” Abu Youssef said, referring to when Israel tightened its siege by closing border crossings and severely restricting food deliveries. “But if eating has become an abnormality in Gaza, working out for bodybuilders like us is one rare way to maintain normalcy,” he tells Al Jazeera. His story reflects a broader humanitarian catastrophe: Across Gaza’s 365 square kilometres (140 square miles), 2.1 million Palestinians face what aid agencies describe as deliberate, weaponised hunger. Read more here . 3h ago (06:25 GMT) UN chief repeats call for ceasefire UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has again pressed for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, as Israel’s military ramps up attacks on Gaza City in preparation to seize it. “It is vital to reach immediately a ceasefire in Gaza and the unconditional release of all hostages, and to avoid the massive death and destruction that a military operation against Gaza would inevitably cause,” Guterres wrote in a post on X. He also criticised Israel’s so-called E1 settlement expansion project in the occupied West Bank, calling it an “illegal” plan that would “divide the West Bank”. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies