close California man rescued after two days trapped behind waterfall A 46-year-old man was rescued by a helicopter after he was trapped for two days behind a waterfall in California. (Credit: Tulare County Sheriff's Office) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A Connecticut man has been saved from a slippery situation. An unidentified 40-year-old got himself stuck inside a tube slide at an elementary school playground in Vernon, Connecticut, on Aug. 16. Just after 4:30 p.m., the Town of Vernon Fire Department, Vernon EMS and Vernon Police Department responded and were dispatched to Northeast Elementary School, according to a Facebook post by the fire department . AMERICAN TOURIST FALLS 30 FEET OFF CLIFFSIDE TRAIL IN VACATION HOT SPOT The first units that arrived found the man wedged headfirst in the middle portion of the slide. Additional help was requested, including a fire truck, Rescue 141 and Tower 541. Responders called in Rescue 141 and Tower 541 to assist with the rescue of a man stuck inside a tube slide in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) The man was provided ventilation and oxygen via EMS because he was reportedly in "extreme discomfort" in the hot summer temperatures . CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "As Rescue 141 was deploying tools for the extrication, Tower 541 set up adjacent to the playground on the grass and used the aerial ladder as a high point to stabilize the section of slide the firefighters were removing to reach the patient," the fire department said on Facebook. A firefighter slices into the midsection of a slide at Northeast Elementary School in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) Within 30 minutes, the man was freed after the responders were able to remove the lower section of the slide, splitting it in two. The man reportedly refused treatment and transportation to an emergency room . CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "While this is a unique call for service for the fire department, the professionalism shown on scene was exemplary," the Vernon Fire Department reflected in the Facebook post, which has received viral attention from the public. Firefighters, EMS and police officers in Vernon, Conn., assist in the rescue of a man stuck in a playground slide Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) One Facebook user commented, "New fear unlocked. Kudos to that man for being active with his kids, and for teaching me a valuable lesson about tube slides." For more Lifestyle articles, visit foxnews.com/lifestyle "Imagine getting stuck [and] then they do a whole photo shoot of it for you," another commented. "Poor guy." Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close California man rescued after two days trapped behind waterfall A 46-year-old man was rescued by a helicopter after he was trapped for two days behind a waterfall in California. (Credit: Tulare County Sheriff's Office) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A Connecticut man has been saved from a slippery situation. An unidentified 40-year-old got himself stuck inside a tube slide at an elementary school playground in Vernon, Connecticut, on Aug. 16. Just after 4:30 p.m., the Town of Vernon Fire Department, Vernon EMS and Vernon Police Department responded and were dispatched to Northeast Elementary School, according to a Facebook post by the fire department . AMERICAN TOURIST FALLS 30 FEET OFF CLIFFSIDE TRAIL IN VACATION HOT SPOT The first units that arrived found the man wedged headfirst in the middle portion of the slide. Additional help was requested, including a fire truck, Rescue 141 and Tower 541. Responders called in Rescue 141 and Tower 541 to assist with the rescue of a man stuck inside a tube slide in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) The man was provided ventilation and oxygen via EMS because he was reportedly in "extreme discomfort" in the hot summer temperatures . CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "As Rescue 141 was deploying tools for the extrication, Tower 541 set up adjacent to the playground on the grass and used the aerial ladder as a high point to stabilize the section of slide the firefighters were removing to reach the patient," the fire department said on Facebook. A firefighter slices into the midsection of a slide at Northeast Elementary School in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) Within 30 minutes, the man was freed after the responders were able to remove the lower section of the slide, splitting it in two. The man reportedly refused treatment and transportation to an emergency room . CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "While this is a unique call for service for the fire department, the professionalism shown on scene was exemplary," the Vernon Fire Department reflected in the Facebook post, which has received viral attention from the public. Firefighters, EMS and police officers in Vernon, Conn., assist in the rescue of a man stuck in a playground slide Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) One Facebook user commented, "New fear unlocked. Kudos to that man for being active with his kids, and for teaching me a valuable lesson about tube slides." For more Lifestyle articles, visit foxnews.com/lifestyle "Imagine getting stuck [and] then they do a whole photo shoot of it for you," another commented. "Poor guy." Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close California man rescued after two days trapped behind waterfall A 46-year-old man was rescued by a helicopter after he was trapped for two days behind a waterfall in California. (Credit: Tulare County Sheriff's Office) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A Connecticut man has been saved from a slippery situation. An unidentified 40-year-old got himself stuck inside a tube slide at an elementary school playground in Vernon, Connecticut, on Aug. 16. Just after 4:30 p.m., the Town of Vernon Fire Department, Vernon EMS and Vernon Police Department responded and were dispatched to Northeast Elementary School, according to a Facebook post by the fire department . AMERICAN TOURIST FALLS 30 FEET OFF CLIFFSIDE TRAIL IN VACATION HOT SPOT The first units that arrived found the man wedged headfirst in the middle portion of the slide. Additional help was requested, including a fire truck, Rescue 141 and Tower 541. Responders called in Rescue 141 and Tower 541 to assist with the rescue of a man stuck inside a tube slide in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) The man was provided ventilation and oxygen via EMS because he was reportedly in "extreme discomfort" in the hot summer temperatures . CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "As Rescue 141 was deploying tools for the extrication, Tower 541 set up adjacent to the playground on the grass and used the aerial ladder as a high point to stabilize the section of slide the firefighters were removing to reach the patient," the fire department said on Facebook. A firefighter slices into the midsection of a slide at Northeast Elementary School in Vernon, Conn., Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) Within 30 minutes, the man was freed after the responders were able to remove the lower section of the slide, splitting it in two. The man reportedly refused treatment and transportation to an emergency room . CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "While this is a unique call for service for the fire department, the professionalism shown on scene was exemplary," the Vernon Fire Department reflected in the Facebook post, which has received viral attention from the public. Firefighters, EMS and police officers in Vernon, Conn., assist in the rescue of a man stuck in a playground slide Aug. 16, 2025. (Town of Vernon Fire Department) One Facebook user commented, "New fear unlocked. Kudos to that man for being active with his kids, and for teaching me a valuable lesson about tube slides." For more Lifestyle articles, visit foxnews.com/lifestyle "Imagine getting stuck [and] then they do a whole photo shoot of it for you," another commented. "Poor guy." Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital.