close 'Seen and Unseen': Palisades fire aftermath is 'apocalyptic' Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo has the latest on the devastation in California as he reports on location on 'The Ingraham Angle.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass is delaying the after-action report on the Palisades fire until the ongoing federal investigation into the cause has been completed. According to Bass, the delay is a result of the U.S. Attorney's Office requesting that the L.A. city leaders temporarily postpone its release as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives continues its investigation. Some community groups have criticized the delay, arguing that residents deserve answers about the city’s response even as the federal probe continues. Under California law, local governments are required to provide an after-action report following all declared disasters. The U.S. Attorney’s Office is investigating to pinpoint what caused the historic blaze in January. BASS, NEWSOM MORE INTERESTED IN ‘SHELTERING’ ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THAN REBUILDING FROM FIRES: STEPHEN MILLER Firefighters watch a helicopter drop water on the Palisades Fire in Mandeville Canyon in Los Angeles, on Jan. 11, 2025. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) The Emergency Services Act says that the Office of Emergency Services will work with state and local agencies to report within 180 days of each declared disaster. City officials anticipate lawsuits tied to the response, alluding to the contents of the report carrying legal and financial consequences for Los Angeles. Sources close to the mayor have told Fox News Digital the report will contain, in part, information about the city’s resources and how they were used following the start of the fire. LOS ANGELES MAYOR BASS SAYS 'HELL YEAH' SHE REGRETS GHANA TRIP AFTER WILDFIRES RAVAGED CITY Nancy Belanger pours water on a neighbor's fire-ravaged property in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles, on Jan. 9. (AP/Jae C. Hong) They have also said the mayor is seemingly eager to comply with the request to delay the release. A statement released by Bass on Tuesday noted that the delay was to avoid interfering with the federal investigation and that it will be released as soon as the DOJ has completed their investigation. "According to state regulations (California Code of Regulations, Title 19, § 2450), the City of Los Angeles is required to complete an after action report regarding the Palisades Fire . Late last week, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California requested the report be held to avoid interference with the ongoing federal investigation. Upon the conclusion of the investigation, the after action report will be released in coordination with the United States Department of Justice," Bass' office said. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass speaks during a press conference. (Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Palisades fires broke out in January, quickly spreading to more than 23,000 acres, destroying more than 6,800 structures, claiming 12 lives and leading to the evacuation of more than 100,000 residents. In all, there was an estimated $28 billion to nearly $54 billion in damage, making the Palisades Fire the third-most destructive wildfire in California history. Fox News' Matt Finn contributed to this report. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close 'Seen and Unseen': Palisades fire aftermath is 'apocalyptic' Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo has the latest on the devastation in California as he reports on location on 'The Ingraham Angle.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass is delaying the after-action report on the Palisades fire until the ongoing federal investigation into the cause has been completed. According to Bass, the delay is a result of the U.S. Attorney's Office requesting that the L.A. city leaders temporarily postpone its release as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives continues its investigation. Some community groups have criticized the delay, arguing that residents deserve answers about the city’s response even as the federal probe continues. Under California law, local governments are required to provide an after-action report following all declared disasters. The U.S. Attorney’s Office is investigating to pinpoint what caused the historic blaze in January. BASS, NEWSOM MORE INTERESTED IN ‘SHELTERING’ ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THAN REBUILDING FROM FIRES: STEPHEN MILLER Firefighters watch a helicopter drop water on the Palisades Fire in Mandeville Canyon in Los Angeles, on Jan. 11, 2025. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) The Emergency Services Act says that the Office of Emergency Services will work with state and local agencies to report within 180 days of each declared disaster. City officials anticipate lawsuits tied to the response, alluding to the contents of the report carrying legal and financial consequences for Los Angeles. Sources close to the mayor have told Fox News Digital the report will contain, in part, information about the city’s resources and how they were used following the start of the fire. LOS ANGELES MAYOR BASS SAYS 'HELL YEAH' SHE REGRETS GHANA TRIP AFTER WILDFIRES RAVAGED CITY Nancy Belanger pours water on a neighbor's fire-ravaged property in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles, on Jan. 9. (AP/Jae C. Hong) They have also said the mayor is seemingly eager to comply with the request to delay the release. A statement released by Bass on Tuesday noted that the delay was to avoid interfering with the federal investigation and that it will be released as soon as the DOJ has completed their investigation. "According to state regulations (California Code of Regulations, Title 19, § 2450), the City of Los Angeles is required to complete an after action report regarding the Palisades Fire . Late last week, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California requested the report be held to avoid interference with the ongoing federal investigation. Upon the conclusion of the investigation, the after action report will be released in coordination with the United States Department of Justice," Bass' office said. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass speaks during a press conference. (Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Palisades fires broke out in January, quickly spreading to more than 23,000 acres, destroying more than 6,800 structures, claiming 12 lives and leading to the evacuation of more than 100,000 residents. In all, there was an estimated $28 billion to nearly $54 billion in damage, making the Palisades Fire the third-most destructive wildfire in California history. Fox News' Matt Finn contributed to this report. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close 'Seen and Unseen': Palisades fire aftermath is 'apocalyptic' Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo has the latest on the devastation in California as he reports on location on 'The Ingraham Angle.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass is delaying the after-action report on the Palisades fire until the ongoing federal investigation into the cause has been completed. According to Bass, the delay is a result of the U.S. Attorney's Office requesting that the L.A. city leaders temporarily postpone its release as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives continues its investigation. Some community groups have criticized the delay, arguing that residents deserve answers about the city’s response even as the federal probe continues. Under California law, local governments are required to provide an after-action report following all declared disasters. The U.S. Attorney’s Office is investigating to pinpoint what caused the historic blaze in January. BASS, NEWSOM MORE INTERESTED IN ‘SHELTERING’ ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THAN REBUILDING FROM FIRES: STEPHEN MILLER Firefighters watch a helicopter drop water on the Palisades Fire in Mandeville Canyon in Los Angeles, on Jan. 11, 2025. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) The Emergency Services Act says that the Office of Emergency Services will work with state and local agencies to report within 180 days of each declared disaster. City officials anticipate lawsuits tied to the response, alluding to the contents of the report carrying legal and financial consequences for Los Angeles. Sources close to the mayor have told Fox News Digital the report will contain, in part, information about the city’s resources and how they were used following the start of the fire. LOS ANGELES MAYOR BASS SAYS 'HELL YEAH' SHE REGRETS GHANA TRIP AFTER WILDFIRES RAVAGED CITY Nancy Belanger pours water on a neighbor's fire-ravaged property in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles, on Jan. 9. (AP/Jae C. Hong) They have also said the mayor is seemingly eager to comply with the request to delay the release. A statement released by Bass on Tuesday noted that the delay was to avoid interfering with the federal investigation and that it will be released as soon as the DOJ has completed their investigation. "According to state regulations (California Code of Regulations, Title 19, § 2450), the City of Los Angeles is required to complete an after action report regarding the Palisades Fire . Late last week, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California requested the report be held to avoid interference with the ongoing federal investigation. Upon the conclusion of the investigation, the after action report will be released in coordination with the United States Department of Justice," Bass' office said. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass speaks during a press conference. (Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Palisades fires broke out in January, quickly spreading to more than 23,000 acres, destroying more than 6,800 structures, claiming 12 lives and leading to the evacuation of more than 100,000 residents. In all, there was an estimated $28 billion to nearly $54 billion in damage, making the Palisades Fire the third-most destructive wildfire in California history. Fox News' Matt Finn contributed to this report.