close Body camera footage shows officers responding to lone 911 call after viral Cincinnati attack Body camera footage obtained by Fox News Digital shows the moments two police officers responded to the lone 911 call reporting the brutal attack in downtown Cincinnati in the early morning hours of July 26, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A man whom police identified as a victim in the violent street brawl in Cincinnati that left several people injured last month has been charged, investigators said. The unidentified 45-year-old White man is charged with disorderly conduct, a fourth-degree misdemeanor, for his alleged role in the July 26 melee in the city's downtown. Police said his status as a victim in the beating prevents them from releasing his name under Marsy's Law, which gives crime victims the option to have their names withheld from public release. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN Footage of the viral Cincinnati brawl shows individuals yelling racial slurs as the violence unfolds. Another person charged in the brawl is considered a victim, police said Tuesday. (Jay Black) He is scheduled to appear in court Aug. 26. The fight broke out in the early morning hours on the corner of Fourth and Elm streets. Footage of the brawl quickly went viral. Last week, a seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was charged with alleged aggravated riot and aggravated robbery . SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The corner of Fourth and Elm Street outside LoVe, a local nightclub, July 28, 2025, in Cincinnati, where the beating took place. (Peter D'Abrosca/Fox News Digital) Police allege Wright "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm," according to a criminal complaint obtained by Fox 19. Wright allegedly snatched the victim’s necklace during the beating before proceeding "to film the rest of the events," the outlet reported. Earlier this month, six defendants were indicted by a grand jury for their alleged roles in the beatdown. (Top L-R) Dominique Kittle, DeKyra Vernon, Patrick Rosemond, Jermaine Matthews, (Bottom L-R) Aisha Devaughn, Gregory Wright and Montianez Merriweather are facing various charges for their alleged roles in the viral beatdown in Cincinnati on July 26, 2025. (Hamilton County Jail; Fulton County Sheriff's Office) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34, DeKyra Vernon, 24, Dominique Kittle, 37, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, are each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three charges of assault and two charges of aggravated rioting, the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Body camera footage shows officers responding to lone 911 call after viral Cincinnati attack Body camera footage obtained by Fox News Digital shows the moments two police officers responded to the lone 911 call reporting the brutal attack in downtown Cincinnati in the early morning hours of July 26, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A man whom police identified as a victim in the violent street brawl in Cincinnati that left several people injured last month has been charged, investigators said. The unidentified 45-year-old White man is charged with disorderly conduct, a fourth-degree misdemeanor, for his alleged role in the July 26 melee in the city's downtown. Police said his status as a victim in the beating prevents them from releasing his name under Marsy's Law, which gives crime victims the option to have their names withheld from public release. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN Footage of the viral Cincinnati brawl shows individuals yelling racial slurs as the violence unfolds. Another person charged in the brawl is considered a victim, police said Tuesday. (Jay Black) He is scheduled to appear in court Aug. 26. The fight broke out in the early morning hours on the corner of Fourth and Elm streets. Footage of the brawl quickly went viral. Last week, a seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was charged with alleged aggravated riot and aggravated robbery . SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The corner of Fourth and Elm Street outside LoVe, a local nightclub, July 28, 2025, in Cincinnati, where the beating took place. (Peter D'Abrosca/Fox News Digital) Police allege Wright "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm," according to a criminal complaint obtained by Fox 19. Wright allegedly snatched the victim’s necklace during the beating before proceeding "to film the rest of the events," the outlet reported. Earlier this month, six defendants were indicted by a grand jury for their alleged roles in the beatdown. (Top L-R) Dominique Kittle, DeKyra Vernon, Patrick Rosemond, Jermaine Matthews, (Bottom L-R) Aisha Devaughn, Gregory Wright and Montianez Merriweather are facing various charges for their alleged roles in the viral beatdown in Cincinnati on July 26, 2025. (Hamilton County Jail; Fulton County Sheriff's Office) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34, DeKyra Vernon, 24, Dominique Kittle, 37, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, are each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three charges of assault and two charges of aggravated rioting, the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Body camera footage shows officers responding to lone 911 call after viral Cincinnati attack Body camera footage obtained by Fox News Digital shows the moments two police officers responded to the lone 911 call reporting the brutal attack in downtown Cincinnati in the early morning hours of July 26, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min A man whom police identified as a victim in the violent street brawl in Cincinnati that left several people injured last month has been charged, investigators said. The unidentified 45-year-old White man is charged with disorderly conduct, a fourth-degree misdemeanor, for his alleged role in the July 26 melee in the city's downtown. Police said his status as a victim in the beating prevents them from releasing his name under Marsy's Law, which gives crime victims the option to have their names withheld from public release. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN Footage of the viral Cincinnati brawl shows individuals yelling racial slurs as the violence unfolds. Another person charged in the brawl is considered a victim, police said Tuesday. (Jay Black) He is scheduled to appear in court Aug. 26. The fight broke out in the early morning hours on the corner of Fourth and Elm streets. Footage of the brawl quickly went viral. Last week, a seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was charged with alleged aggravated riot and aggravated robbery . SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The corner of Fourth and Elm Street outside LoVe, a local nightclub, July 28, 2025, in Cincinnati, where the beating took place. (Peter D'Abrosca/Fox News Digital) Police allege Wright "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm," according to a criminal complaint obtained by Fox 19. Wright allegedly snatched the victim’s necklace during the beating before proceeding "to film the rest of the events," the outlet reported. Earlier this month, six defendants were indicted by a grand jury for their alleged roles in the beatdown. (Top L-R) Dominique Kittle, DeKyra Vernon, Patrick Rosemond, Jermaine Matthews, (Bottom L-R) Aisha Devaughn, Gregory Wright and Montianez Merriweather are facing various charges for their alleged roles in the viral beatdown in Cincinnati on July 26, 2025. (Hamilton County Jail; Fulton County Sheriff's Office) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34, DeKyra Vernon, 24, Dominique Kittle, 37, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, are each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three charges of assault and two charges of aggravated rioting, the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com .