552 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 3 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 61 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 13h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor. 61 comments Caliban 63 points 2 hours ago I miss the good ole days when the cops would beat the shit out of all of them. permalink XlDEN 24 points 2 hours ago They need to go back to good old-fashioned Irish cops who busted heads. They didn’t put up with the bs back then. permalink charwoman 7 points 2 hours ago Oak shampoos permalink vegaspatriot1776 -18 points 2 hours ago So we should end freedom of speech in the USA? permalink Im_RickSteves_bitch 11 points 2 hours ago The utter faggotry. permalink TheRPatriot 10 points 1 hour ago The founding fathers didn’t have these mudslime shit-stains in mind running amuck permalink Wexit-Delecto 3 points 33 minutes ago For muslims, yes. permalink Trooph-Hurts 32 points 2 hours ago That woman is so ugly. She should be careful who she calls a pig…… Arab women are almost more disgusting than black women permalink x79q3pb 17 points 2 hours ago They suffer a similar predicament to latinas, either 9+ or less than 2 with very little in between. permalink Keiichi81 8 points 1 hour ago The ones that are a 9+ invariably are Iranian and of Persian descent. The rest of the Arab world is so riddled with inbreeding that it starts to make sense why the men fuck goats. permalink TheironToaster 11 points 2 hours ago Inbreeding permalink Shakakka99 6 points 2 hours ago The chance that a spinning house falls from the sky and lands on top of you is low, but never zero. permalink Trumportellagain 4 points 1 hour ago Inbreeding will do that. Most Muslim marriages are between first cousins. permalink MickHigan2 24 points 2 hours ago Who pushed for them to be here? Who was behind the Hart Cellar act that enabled this? The Assyrians and Persians would send their people into their conquered lands in order to divide / conquer. Multiculturalism was the weapon of choice by our enemies. permalink pepperonishoes 2 points 47 minutes ago So it's the Great Society fella. permalink Wexit-Delecto 1 points 32 minutes ago Tibetans pushed for them to be here. permalink rapskull 0 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink South_Florida_Guy 20 points 2 hours ago Always with that hideous inbred face permalink WarEagleMAGA 7 points 2 hours ago True, Persian women can be quite beautiful. Arab women, not. permalink Trump454748 17 points 3 hours ago Generally, I’m against police violence, but in this case, I’ll make an exception. permalink vegaspatriot1776 6 points 2 hours ago Police are ghey, and not your friends. Never call them, or talk to them. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 2 points 36 minutes ago I was walking home drunk about a month ago and I was wasted. Police intercepted me and tried to figure out if I drove my car to the bar that way. I said, my car is at home, in the outside parking lot, the keys are on my kitchen table. They insisted I drove, and I had to keep telling them my car is at home ect. I was calm and relaxed, I'm not an angry drunken person, I enjoy my drunk socializing. So yes, they try to imcriminate you for crimes you have not committed like driving drunk. I have been incriminated for driving drunk when I wasn't. This is something I will be personally writing to Donald Trump. permalink VanDeKoik 1 points 18 minutes ago Until you see some random black guy that triggers you, then you will be all over 911. Give me a break. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 16 points 2 hours ago She shouldn't be allowed to just scream right in that cops face like that. He looked like it was either getting to him, making him rethink his position or like he wanted to reach out and shut her up, hopefully the latter. This reminds me of a video posted here recently where a muslim woman had assaulted some guy then pretended he was "islamaphobic" and was trying to kill her. When it was clear she was lying and they had to arrest her for the assault she started calling the cops islamaphobic and saying how they're supposed to serve muslims because they're so beneath them. Found it: https://patriots.win/p/19BtGZqjB9/x/c/4eVLPhh2Iam?d=50 permalink AndanteAndante 2 points 2 hours ago Omg that was more crazy muzzie bitch! Those cops deserve a medal. permalink Another_ID 16 points 2 hours ago That screaming is painful. Arm these guys with sound horns to blast back in their faces. permalink JackOfAllTirades 15 points 2 hours ago There shouldn't be any Muslim law enforcement officers. It's just on the job training for enforcement of Sharia Law. permalink Mamapedia 9 points 2 hours ago This is the most important reaction to that video. It cannot be overstated. permalink SteveRogers42 5 points 46 minutes ago In New York. After 9-11. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 12 points 2 hours ago Muslim NYPD officer wat? Bruh a muzzie is not handcuffing me. 🤣🤣 Gtfo. permalink Owmyballz 11 points 2 hours ago And you see this Muslim Sergeant holding his head in shame. He'll turn around and shoot his own cops. Get him the fuck off the force. permalink mlp67 9 points 2 hours ago The moustache and nose on that beast. They're mad all the time because they're so damn ugly. permalink davidac1982 7 points 2 hours ago Who knows why Mamdani is letting an inbred Joe Camel be his intern? permalink IAmRetard 7 points 2 hours ago That Sargent saw it and stepped in. Somebody should have knocked her out permalink plasticglock 7 points 2 hours ago I bet he wanted to stone her to death in the street. And here we are stopping him... permalink Rain_man 7 points 51 minutes ago Look at the Muslim cop. He’s mulling it over. Get Islam out of America. permalink Wexit-Delecto 2 points 30 minutes ago He’s not mulling anything over. He joined the police for taqqiya. He’s just not ready to make his move yet. permalink twentytwentyfourr 6 points 2 hours ago where's her husband? permalink Nat4Pat 6 points 2 hours ago Do that in any Muslim country she's dead. The west is not for primitives. Make a white baby boom and take the country back. permalink Wexit-Delecto 2 points 31 minutes ago Make a white baby boom White women say nope. permalink Smashley 4 points 1 hour ago These people need a beat down. Make them scared to be in public. permalink MeatShield72 4 points 2 hours ago It was this moment he realized Jesus Christ is the way, the truth and the light. permalink MeMargie 4 points 2 hours ago A call for war on this soil 🎯 permalink JoeBidensDementia1 3 points 2 hours ago I thought transgenders weren't allowed in Islam. permalink OftenDisgusted 2 points 1 hour ago With extremely few exceptions these people are uncivil, irritating and disgusting. permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 1 hour ago Tired of my tax money going to useless people. Fire them all and let the animals just run wild at this point. Put the stress on the American dumbass till he has enough and handles it himself. like take your crybaby shit back the the desert lands and pick up a rifle if you feel strong but get out of our lands u are not wanted and never were. permalink Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 40 minutes ago Beat the shit out of the muzzie whore and throw in the jail permalink Fecklessgod 2 points 52 minutes ago Bro was tagged out by sarge. Not sure if he was irritated with it or what. Wonder what was going on in his head. permalink Free0fReddit 2 points 2 hours ago He should've just pinched his nose. Hahah permalink DCPower 1 points 1 hour ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink feraxil 1 points 8 seconds ago I wish I was unemployed so I could go to these kinds of events with a giant sign that says "Mohammad was a Faggot". permalink patriotplus 1 points 59 minutes ago the mafia needs to make a comeback permalink SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 57 minutes ago Mohammed was a pedophile terrorists and probably sounded just like her. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 1 hour ago Crusades II is coming. They won't like it. permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 2 hours ago "Put some piss on that name" permalink Stlpoolguy 1 points 7 minutes ago Getting inside someone's personal space for the intention of intimidation should warrant assault permalink yodayoda 1 points 1 hour ago import the 3rd world, become the 3rd world. it's as simple as that. permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 1 hour ago MAMDANIS CREW permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 49 minutes ago Barbarians seizing power, financed by global banks. permalink deleted -1 points 2 hours ago Whoopies_tds 4 points 2 hours ago You know he sent her right? permalink Seeker_17 1 points 2 hours ago You seem confused. Mamdani is a muzzie POS permalink ragnarokrobo 1 points 1 hour ago So is that cop apparently. Probably go to the same mosque. permalink DILLIGAF_Bro 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink new_guy2 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 552 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 3 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 61 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 13h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor.