1905 🚨 BREAKING: DHS is considering buying their OWN fleet of airplanes to rapidly increase the rate of deportation flights, per NBC posted 17 hours ago by LightBeacons 208 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 17h 🚨 BREAKING: DHS is considering buying their OWN fleet of airplanes to rapidly increase the rate of deportation flights, per NBC This is EXACTLY where I want my tax dollars going. Mass deportations are a MUST! 208 comments BannedAccount 116 points 17 hours ago They cant borrow any from the military? permalink Simpadoodledoo 96 points 17 hours ago For real. Borrow from the military or take the freaking planes from airliners who got paid to ship them into the country in the first place. Treasonous bastards deserve to lose their planes for a year. permalink BannedAccount 40 points 17 hours ago Even the planes that have been decommissioned in most cases are still flyable just bring the capable ones out of retirement permalink RedditSucksChinaPoo 35 points 17 hours ago And the incapable ones with engine problems. permalink BannedAccount 11 points 16 hours ago 🤣 permalink view 5 more comments... trumpORbust 10 points 16 hours ago Pilots parachute over the ocean and illegals lean to swim for free permalink view 4 more comments... GTHAYS 7 points 16 hours ago Just let Boeing work on them. permalink Plutossextape1 5 points 14 hours ago On auto pilot with low fuel permalink SuperHonkey 4 points 15 hours ago And DEI pilots / crew / mechanics permalink view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 8 points 16 hours ago I'm not expert on decommissioning, but once a machine has sat for a long time the seals and gaskets will break down and it will need to be rebuilt. When I was young I had a friend who was a civilian contractor with the military. She gave me her fancy Escalade to drive for over a year because she wanted it in use. permalink BannedAccount 3 points 16 hours ago I mean yeah give them a good once over first it would still be cheaper than buying new planes. Im not saying find the oldest ones you can im talking like planes that went out of service recently and if you need more then start grabbing the older ones. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 5 points 16 hours ago ︎ Yes, there are airplane bone yards in Commiefornia and Arizona full of well used airframes and engines that can be cobbled together and flown for 1,000s of more hours and likely still be O.K. ︎ I'd recommend remote piloting "just in case". Either through Starlink or using a small jet escort. Could also put an ejection seat or two for the pilots for a FRACTION OF THE COST of new airplanes. ︎ But really, a slow boat back from whence they came would impart a more lasting experience for these INVADERS to ponder before they try and sneak back in again. ︎ permalink Tcrlaf1 1 points 10 hours ago Preferably on a Marine Amphibious ship, so that we can practice “Hostile landings” while dumping the invaders off on their home countries beaches. permalink magamagashii 2 points 16 hours ago All those 50 seat jets that have been replaced the past two years still exist out in the California desert. You could send back 2,500 a day to Mexico. permalink Rock9Head 2 points 16 hours ago They can crash. A good pilot can parachute out over the ocean. permalink BidenShowerDrool 4 points 14 hours ago You mean into the GULF OF AMERICA. :) permalink Peatrie 5 points 16 hours ago Exactly Also, if the retards get back in charge: They will literally just use the planes to go the opposite direction permalink Tcrlaf1 2 points 10 hours ago They already did… They were chartering all kinds of aircraft from around the world, dropping them off in Mexico, or US TOWNS in the middle of the night to avoid prying cameras. permalink MayorMcSixaplix 4 points 15 hours ago Let the illegals ride the friendly skies in Spirit Airlines planes, still uncleaned after an overnight from the Dominican Republic. permalink 3percenterFan -1 points 15 hours ago There could be legit security concerns preventing that. If the airplanes land at a neutral or potentially hostile country, they can be inspected and studied by potential enemies or countries that try to take advantage of that. Perhaps even tagged for monitoring or to overcome defense systems. I think buying a few planes from civilian manufacturers is the better choice. permalink Simpadoodledoo 3 points 14 hours ago Government crippled airspace innovation... The 737 is almost 60 years old. What aviation secrets are to be found? permalink Censorship_is4LOSERS 7 points 16 hours ago 18 wheelers and let illegal Punjabis take the wheel permalink USDMaga 6 points 17 hours ago How many can you fit in a C-5? permalink bangbus 7 points 16 hours ago Probably about 3000 if we get rid of the liberals in the judiciary. permalink patriotplus 7 points 16 hours ago maybe more if you strap them to the wings permalink bangbus 4 points 16 hours ago I saw some Air India thing someone made on AI and they had goats and luggage attached to the top of the plane. permalink PeaceMakerDJT 1 points 16 hours ago I like the way you think permalink Datamancer 6 points 16 hours ago C-130. Old C-130. Make it so loud and so uncomfortable for so long that they have a panic attack when thinking about sneaking back in. Put the seats on a roll away. C-130 comes in for a landing and opens the back door at 500 feet. Hits the ground, door is already open, deploys a chute and the wind pulls the rollaway out and onto the runway. What happens next to those fucks is none of our business. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 15 hours ago Can we get some 80 year old Vietnam vet pilots to fly them too? Fuckers were crazy then, and now they dont have to die alone. permalink Datamancer 1 points 15 hours ago Fuck yeah. We'll put a best of Vietnam era rock&roll on a loop and play it for the entire flight. permalink Datamancer 1 points 12 hours ago I want to die peacefully in my sleep not screaming like the deported criminals on his plane. permalink Kingoftheroad 3 points 16 hours ago Thats still a problem isnt it. They're filling only 17 illegals into a plane before departure. I want them to need more planes because the planes theyre using are filled to capacity and its the only way to deport 10k illegals a day. Not we need more planes so we can send 14 to India and 6 to Ecuador at the same time permalink dukeofdoorcounty 2 points 16 hours ago no, we need a rail line to Cuidad Juarez and just dump them off. Mexico moved them here. permalink Former_RM2 1 points 16 hours ago If we stack them like firewood, about 1,650*. assuming the average wight of an illegal is 170lbs. permalink PeaceMakerDJT 2 points 16 hours ago Grab couple of C-5 and just toss them in there permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 2 points 13 hours ago Militaty aircraft would be more difficult to deal with than charter planes. permalink NoWarWithIran 49 points 17 hours ago This is a great idea Have the DEI pilots fly old planes brought out of storage and let the rest take care of itself permalink bangbus 19 points 16 hours ago "Here you go Tryone, the refurbed DC-10 you will captain. These birds are as safe as it gets, there hasn't been a catastrophic crash of one of them this century." permalink RolandDelacroix 9 points 16 hours ago Good training for new pilots, and if they crash into the ocean, no big deal. permalink Skogin 15 points 16 hours ago Call it Con Air. permalink TDAF 9 points 16 hours ago Gone Air permalink GuvmentChayz 31 points 17 hours ago Are you telling me a Federal agency doesn't have access to other Federal agency planes? Give me a break. permalink GTHAYS 5 points 16 hours ago Not only the Federal Agency assets, but the airline planes are sometimes bought with the express consent that the US GOV can use them any time they need them. It's part of the loan the airlines get to purchase those planes. Very similar to shipping. This is why it's so easy for them to pull in those planes to move troops when what the USAF has, is not enough. This is what happened during the lead up to Desert Storm. permalink TheTelltaleFly 3 points 13 hours ago Didn’t Qatar just give us a free airplane? permalink DadsTastyHouse 19 points 17 hours ago just shoot them on site permalink queensjudyg 13 points 16 hours ago Don't we have any troop ships in drydock from all the wars we've been involved in since WWII? We're in time of war, national emergency, so can't our federal gov't demand/take over some giant cruise ships be put to use for deportation? Like a maritime eminent domain? permalink magamagashii 5 points 16 hours ago Yes, we have a reserve fleet. Great idea fren permalink Fishboy 2 points 16 hours ago We have Military Sealift command that moves people, equipment, and supplies all around the world. They are staffed by civilian mariners and have among their assets Expeditionary Fast Transport Vessels that can hold 300 aliens. permalink Salty_Sailor 9 points 16 hours ago We brought them here in military cargo and government contract aircraft. permalink entwickelnden 4 points 15 hours ago Ya, they don't need more planes, that's not the bottleneck. Something else is up. permalink Pederella 8 points 17 hours ago Stack them like cord wood in those cargo planes. They certainly weren't concerned about a comfy seat for every butt as they came into the country. permalink Mulletgunning 8 points 16 hours ago This is bullshit. We have plenty of military planes. Fucking buying more for the MIC scum and kickback thieves. MAGA AF permalink DeploraBen 7 points 17 hours ago We already have the right types of planes and everything. https://www.ajot.com/images/uploads/article/766-durango-cows.jpg permalink elvisbird 3 points 14 hours ago Damn, they fly cows permalink KungPaoMcChicken 6 points 16 hours ago I heard the used market for 737 max aircraft is thriving. Definitely a buyers market. permalink f_bastiat 6 points 16 hours ago I'm old enough to remember protesting the creation of the DHS -_- permalink CharlieMike 5 points 17 hours ago Military mass evacuation training flights, no need to buy planes and military gets training in the process. Helicopters can be used for the over the ocean short hops… permalink Returningtogod 3 points 16 hours ago Haha I read that as “over the ocean short drops”. permalink CharlieMike 2 points 14 hours ago Sorry, I misspelled it… permalink Corse46 5 points 16 hours ago Doesn’t the military have tons of planes sitting around? Or get Qatar to give us more planes Ironically, Apple typically uses Russian cargo planes every year to fly millions of iPhones out of China for new iPhone launch day. Maybe Vladimir can help us out. permalink I_Am_John_Galt 5 points 17 hours ago Mexico let them in, let them fly them back. Just bus these shitbags to the border and kick them through the wall. Let it be their problem to deal with permalink Area82 2 points 16 hours ago Take them all to Vera Cruz by slow boat. permalink Counterwhat 5 points 16 hours ago Yes, use the IRS and Dept of Education budget. permalink yurimodin 4 points 16 hours ago IT'S CALLED THE AIR FORCE permalink Choppermagic 4 points 16 hours ago Military cargo plane. Don't just burn more money and increase the dent. Otherwise, just bus them across the border. permalink Induceddrag 4 points 14 hours ago Even better idea. The President declares a national emergency and activates the airlift clause of the American flag carriers. Or, declare the emergency and use Spirit (which is on its ass) to do the lift. permalink RealTXPatriot 4 points 14 hours ago I own a boat that'll get from Texas to Yucatan ... with navy refueling position out there i think we can make a fleet of Boat Parade MAGA delivering them back to their shore. Fwiw the national boundaries of their home nation extend out to the water a ways out. Have to drop em there. permalink RustySheckelford 4 points 15 hours ago It's called a C17 and the government already owns them... permalink bubadmt 3 points 14 hours ago Send them all on a Carnival Cruise into the Bermuda Triangle, and hopefully it teleports them back to the 1700s. permalink fluffykitten 3 points 16 hours ago Just stuff them in the trailer of an 18 wheeler and have a pajeet drive it back to Mexico permalink Surgeon 3 points 15 hours ago Stuff 500 of em in fleet of C5 Galaxys with ready 2b decommissioned parachutes headed to gov auctions, hooked up to static line drop em out over Hotel El Salv . You get rid of the old chutes and criminals at once . A TWO FER / 2 for one money OP . AND - No wasted fuel for take offs and landings ! WIN ! EZ PZ . The criminals stuff vans with innocent victims , so they'll understand . permalink Cianevalies 3 points 17 hours ago Just use the Airforce . These fuckers walked to get in so a transport jet home will be luxury permalink henri_derelicte 3 points 17 hours ago Give it a few months, and they might be able to get their hands on the Spirit Airlines fleet at a good price permalink PearlyGaits57 3 points 16 hours ago Use some of the 150 billion from tarriffs to purchase a few. Dont even need seats in it. Sit em on the floor. They should be able to add 50 or so more, since the lack of seats took some weight out of the plane. permalink TexasRepublic 3 points 16 hours ago One word: Trebuchets permalink Bullet3250 3 points 14 hours ago How many massive 'usable' passenger airplanes are parked in the Bone Yard? permalink USNVET71 3 points 14 hours ago Can I apply To be a flight mechanic to make sure these scumbags get home safely permalink patriotplus 3 points 16 hours ago strapped to pallets like cordwood, taped to the wings also would help permalink NYforTrump 3 points 16 hours ago Just use shipping containers. permalink KilroyJCNJ 3 points 14 hours ago Naw, just subcontractor Spirit and Southwest. Or would that be prohibited as “cruel and unusual punishment”? permalink Redeemable 2 points 14 hours ago Southwest isn't so bad. Spirit OTOH... permalink DoesItWorkAlready 3 points 17 hours ago I heard trains work as well. permalink ThorsonTT 3 points 16 hours ago Ever since the Koof, there's a lot of commercial aircraft for sale. permalink Taupkek 2 points 16 hours ago Go Kristi GO! permalink TexasBeer 2 points 13 hours ago Tie them to weather balloons, much cheaper permalink Nomad899 2 points 11 hours ago I know some pilots who will fly for fun permalink GeneticsGuy 2 points 11 hours ago DO IT! permalink Paydro 2 points 15 hours ago Planes? MF at this point start shipping them down in trains and just push them over the border wall where they came from. permalink Nomad899 2 points 11 hours ago Stolen from BallotsOnRubysUSB…….. a slow boat back from whence they came would impart a more lasting experience for these INVADERS to ponder before they try and sneak back in again. permalink 38WendysHamSquare79 2 points 17 hours ago south park is fucking gay permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 17 hours ago your mom's gay permalink SuperHonkey 2 points 15 hours ago Don't we already have lots of trains and shipping containers? I mean, that's how they got here. permalink Icepck 2 points 10 hours ago I'd donate to that. Any chance we can get back anything we sent to Ukraine or get back anything left in Afghanistan? permalink roadrunner0 2 points 16 hours ago This sounds like the start of a money spending spree full of graft and corruption.. They could certainly rent/lease as needed or just put the people on a commercial flight to points unknown outside the USA.. Slow boats to China, India, the Middle East, Haiti and so on all sound even better.. Buy a couple old cruise ships and convert them into floating jails that deliver.. Prison busses are far cheaper and could transport the illegals to the coast of airport so no we don't need a fleet of expensive small aircraft for them.. permalink kekranger 2 points 10 hours ago Yeah I thought this too. New vehicles, airplanes, etc. I support the end goal but do we have to do this in the most wasteful expensive way possible? Buying and maintaining a fleet of airplanes when you can just contract out the job. I want the money going to deportations not a bunch of new toys for ICE. permalink knnbccb 2 points 12 hours ago Why not bus them to the southern border wall, push them across the border into Mexico, and let Mexico deal with them? Better yet, have a Squid Game style obstacle course, let them try to win their freedom, and in the process have 99.9% of them die. permalink DonnieRamesJio 1 points 10 hours ago Made me think of that Steve-O karaoke show permalink MisterMAGA 2 points 14 hours ago Dude a bus works just fine. Prisons use them all the time. Buy used busses, deport, repeat, sell some used busses after need abates. Could probably get volunteer patriots to work security for free. Perks: free Trump Tower taco salads on the job and choose your own music to play on the road. Guns provided, or if you like bring your own and get it signed by the driver as a memento. Dibs on first route! permalink flashersenpai 2 points 14 hours ago Cheaper, but slower and easier to disrupt land transport than airplanes. permalink desertflower 2 points 11 hours ago Put them on old Carnival cruise ships. permalink raptormissle 2 points 16 hours ago Or we could build powerful trebuchet's. permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 2 points 16 hours ago This is the best news I've heard all day. Am I willing to spend tax dollars on this? Hell yes, at least I know I'm benefitting from it directly for a change! permalink panic_scam 2 points 16 hours ago So dumb. There are PLENTY of ANG C-130s, C-17s, and C-5s that can be put to work. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 16 hours ago We have pilots that need hours. We have equipment that needs running. This is a stupid idea put forth by amateurs. permalink cptkloss5 1 points 16 hours ago i wish they invested in catapults rather than airplanes permalink DingDongDitch 1 points 16 hours ago start a go fund me and i will give you as much as I can permalink monkadelic 1 points 14 hours ago if you have a job, you're already donating. permalink Lunatic_Fringe_PhD 1 points 16 hours ago Can we get the one with the door that blows off? permalink LuvTheSmellofFreedom 1 points 6 hours ago what's the rush. once they leave the USA, done. put them on tanker ships and they will get there in 30 days or less! what a deal. cheaper too! permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 15 hours ago It'd still be cheaper than letting them be here in the country. permalink DestroyerofCobwebs 1 points 16 hours ago Have they considered trebuchets as a replacement for the short range puddle jumper flights? permalink zombie_sloth 1 points 14 hours ago BREAKING: someone thinking of doing something! perhaps in 2 weeks! permalink MOLON-LABE 1 points 16 hours ago Bro... we have plenty of C-130s. permalink DingDongDitch 1 points 16 hours ago Contract with SPIRIT Airlines. 1) they need the cash, 2) illegals already know the Spirirt drill permalink moscowjade 1 points 15 hours ago :slaps roof of C5 Galaxy: "You can fit so many illegals into this bad boy. Bonus: the rear of the plane can open mid-flight." permalink CalMagaMan 1 points 14 hours ago Borrow an air craft carrier and load it up and then take them home or empty at sea. permalink iamimaginos 1 points 15 hours ago Do it. Start a GoFundMe. Ill donate. permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 16 hours ago Sure sure permalink DuesImperator 1 points 16 hours ago Instead of air support for Ukraine how about air support for DHS! permalink GoBigly 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck off. Stop spending my money cunt. You have an entire fleet of military aircraft permalink mrange 1 points 16 hours ago I thought I saw a meme for DHS Airlines... it's reality now? What a timeline. permalink Ferretman 1 points 11 hours ago This is the way. permalink PlanetofEBZ2 1 points 11 hours ago / u/PlanetofEBZ2 permalink T-Bag 1 points 9 hours ago Put a permanent military base on the border. Instead of wasting money on holding facilities, bring the illegals to the military base. Have judges on the base if needed. Open the gate, and send them back into Mexico. Those who did not enter through Mexico, can be flown back to their countries of origin. Think how much money would be saved deporting illegals, and a permanent base will prevent them from coming back. permalink GodKingHarambe 1 points 15 hours ago They just need to just eminent domain Spirit Airlines It would be cheaper permalink FatBeagleMars 1 points 15 hours ago I’ll build some catapults. permalink behemoth887 1 points 14 hours ago why do they need flights put them on greyhound buses once they cross into mexico it's no longer our problem permalink arthur_morgan 1 points 15 hours ago Do it! Get those fuckers out of here PRONTO. If for some crazy reason we lose in 28, I want as much progress on this as possible. Fuck it, spend the money - they're costing us too much in so many ways. permalink Johnkimble111 1 points 16 hours ago Aren't there huge plane graveyards in the desert full of older planes in storage? It’s not as if the planes need to make a return journey or anything like that. permalink magamagashii 1 points 16 hours ago I know that at least 50 of the 50 seaters can be flown out and put back into service in less than two months, if required. permalink FrensInLowPlaces 1 points 15 hours ago Bullets are cheaper permalink bratt 1 points 15 hours ago Fucking Commandeer what you need. This if anything would be considered an emergency. What ever airline can schedule 98 flights from LA to New York instead of 100 permalink Datamancer 1 points 16 hours ago Outsource to Amazon. Pack the deportees like fucking cargo. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 16 hours ago How about you give us some relief first? permalink MocksFordComma 1 points 15 hours ago Get them out. permalink Test_user21 1 points 15 hours ago Not going to happen. The fn Postal Service doesn't even have their own planes. permalink utfanx2 1 points 14 hours ago https://youtu.be/OmhGrJJjI7E permalink overblod 1 points 16 hours ago That's bullshit, the deeps state dual citizens were able to commandeer major airlines' planes to run red eye flights to strategically distribute the imported voters, but we cannot do the same to remove them? permalink Reefay 1 points 13 hours ago Forget airplanes. Catapults are cheaper and carbon neutral permalink NewGoldenAge 1 points 14 hours ago Now THAT isn't the worst idea in the world. We have 2 massive repositories of planes ready to be de-mothballed and put back into service here in AZ. permalink Bldg_2019 1 points 16 hours ago Use container ships. I want 20k beaners a day delivered south. Take the criminals out on a barge and sink them. permalink patriotplus 1 points 16 hours ago go to afghanistan and get ours back permalink BrionK 1 points 11 hours ago Do it. I'll buy them used and start a new airline. Money Machine. permalink Overtaxed 1 points 15 hours ago Destroy them after, the next communist administration will sue them to bring them back. permalink BoomShtick 1 points 15 hours ago A C-130 and some old expired parachutes, landing is too expensive permalink MudDog 1 points 9 hours ago i'd say buy american, but probably a bad idea if we want the pilots to survive permalink rapskull 1 points 16 hours ago BUY or LEASE?? permalink Rock9Head 1 points 16 hours ago C-130s; fill em up/ permalink Wesmacker 1 points 15 hours ago I voted for this! permalink M1kes_Cock 1 points 9 hours ago Cargo ships are the answer. Once 100 miles off shore let them roam. They go overboard we have 1 less problem. permalink NoSoupForYou 1 points 9 hours ago I think they can find plenty of jets in California that should be confiscated for such a purpose. permalink Trickldown2 1 points 15 hours ago Yeh, and there will prob be an executive jet hidden in the contract so Kristi can get to her hair extension appointment more conveniently. permalink Redditcanblowme 1 points 17 hours ago Money well spent. permalink VoiceInTheLight 1 points 16 hours ago Two words: Hell yea, do it. permalink BigMikesChef 1 points 16 hours ago Her eyebrows freak me out. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 14 hours ago lel permalink cross_bearer_02 1 points 15 hours ago “DHS Airlines. Your trusted provider in homebound flights, 24/7” permalink Returningtogod 1 points 16 hours ago That is an excellent idea. Use the money that is earmarked for Ukraine. permalink RedSoxPiIled 1 points 14 hours ago Planes?? What's wrong with a steamboat to Shitholvia? permalink hey_spike 1 points 10 hours ago Asset forfeiture. Commandeer planes owned by companies that knowingly hire illegals. permalink SaltyArizonan 1 points 9 hours ago I've been saying this for years. But yeah...I voted for this. permalink NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 16 hours ago whatever it takes permalink Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 16 hours ago How about helicopters???? permalink JohnniesTime 1 points 14 hours ago Air Force has plenty to loan, and the Army has helicopters🚁 permalink EJay_Scott 1 points 17 hours ago They need to deport tens of thousands per day to make any meaningful progress. At minimum, we need to see 16,439 removals per day for at least a year.... permalink CaptRied 1 points 15 hours ago The hundreds of planes stationed in Europe can be used for deporting these trespassers. We don't need to buy planes for this. permalink Klaus73 1 points 15 hours ago Why not...its only money permalink TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 13 hours ago Do it! permalink Redeemable 1 points 14 hours ago Use the tariffs. Better yet. Tax remittances. permalink CzarofKekistan 1 points 12 hours ago Just get a couple dozen C-130's and start airdropping these fuckers once you're out of US airspace. Problem solved! permalink nomoreprinkles 1 points 15 hours ago Bullet's cheaper permalink DEPORT50M 1 points 11 hours ago Just drop them out of helicopters. Only go up, though permalink Powhattan 1 points 14 hours ago Buy Spirit Airlines permalink auntjemima 1 points 16 hours ago Ooooh time for some sweet new ICECRAFT paintjobs! permalink B-2StealthTrump 1 points 17 hours ago Should’ve been done already. permalink NPC1776 1 points 10 hours ago This is a wasteful idea. Military has plenty of cargo planes towards the end of their service life. permalink CLF3 1 points 16 hours ago Just herd them into landing ships and dump them on the beach permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 9 hours ago Yes, but why Bondi said she was reviewing the files, and then Trump dismissed it all as a fake? Did she come to that conclusion, or was Trump's, based solely on his wisdom? permalink TrumpAnalPenetrator 0 points 7 hours ago RELEASE THE EPS***N FILES! permalink ShyRussian 0 points 9 hours ago Releasing the Ep t in files is the right thing to do. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 9 hours ago OK, but why the DOJ requested unsealing Maxwell's jury files, since they knew beforehand that the judge was going to deny it? It's so they have a lame excuse to throw to MAGA as a bone? permalink WhereMyCountryGone 1 points 32 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink ecstatic45conman 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink ecstatic45conman 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink ShyRussian 0 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 1905 🚨 BREAKING: DHS is considering buying their OWN fleet of airplanes to rapidly increase the rate of deportation flights, per NBC posted 17 hours ago by LightBeacons 208 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 17h 🚨 BREAKING: DHS is considering buying their OWN fleet of airplanes to rapidly increase the rate of deportation flights, per NBC This is EXACTLY where I want my tax dollars going. Mass deportations are a MUST!