321 UK Gov’t Panic: Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants Amid Legal Challenges (www.breitbart.com) posted 1 hour ago by Moebius 49 comments UK Gov't Panic Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants In an act of apparent desperation, Britain's government has begun contacting thousands of properties to house tens of thousands of migrants www.breitbart.com 49 comments TheRedPilledArtist 47 points 55 minutes ago Civil War is inevitable. permalink BruddahIz 22 points 53 minutes ago I have theoretical legal thought experiments where we can use the Treaty of Paris or war of 1812 treaty to supply material help to the true people of the UK to repel their usurped govt. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 10 points 19 minutes ago They don't give a shit about laws or legalities. Come on. They're arresting white Britons for proclaiming their love for bacon or using a plastic knife to butter their toast, meanwhile Muslim trafficking and kidnapped child rape brothels exist on every block. They're beyond laws now. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 6 points 37 minutes ago I'm very anti-war. But I would fight to the death to save the West. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 16 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink yodayoda 3 points 26 minutes ago if i were you I'd worry about my own country. e.g. if you are American, your own government did the same or even worse. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 33 minutes ago If they don't fight for it themselves they will never keep it. permalink yodayoda 1 points 26 minutes ago they got themselves into it, let them get themselves out of it. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 17 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Tongs_Ya_Bass 8 points 53 minutes ago It’s already started. Ankle deep just now. permalink yodayoda 1 points 25 minutes ago nope. more hopium and copium. permalink Illuminaughty 6 points 41 minutes ago And then one day for absolutely no reason… permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 11 minutes ago That's why they came for the guns first. Then they let the 3rd worlders be violent with other weapons so those could be banned as well. Then censoring speech was next so they could lock up anyone who dares disagree with their own formally peaceful neighborhoods being ruined and turned into some urban shithole. This all falls apart if the people can still anonymously coordinate and share frustrations online, hence the obsession with locking the internet down and forcing you to dox yourself. permalink yodayoda 0 points 30 minutes ago nope. you're way too optimistic. permalink Oruin 29 points 54 minutes ago Oh look, history repeats itself! This is such a bad idea someone wrote an entire Amendment against it. permalink Moebius OP 17 points 51 minutes ago 'The Quartering Act'...one of the many 'Intolerable Acts' that led directly to the Revolution. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 12 points 48 minutes ago Ironic, that the British are getting a taste of their own medicine. permalink airborne3502 5 points 45 minutes ago Nice. That Golden Nugget, as you know, even made it into our Declaration of Independence. permalink BruddahIz 4 points 32 minutes ago In histroy class the intelectual class always made fun of it - like - "absurdly unnecessary" - yet once again - we have proof that our founders were smarter than all of us "modern" people. permalink Toohershat 3 points 27 minutes ago Intolerable to free people, but forced quartering has been a common move by dictators throughout human history. permalink MrBelugaBiscuit 14 points 53 minutes ago Which way Western Man? permalink Bldg_2019 14 points 52 minutes ago Limeys will now quarter the invaders colonizing THEM. Poetic justice comes to England. permalink duehuckleberry 10 points 53 minutes ago Seriously, WTF is wrong with their leadership! Who the hell at the top is calling these shots? permalink ragnarokrobo 13 points 42 minutes ago WEF/Trilateral Commission/Rothschilds/Bilderbergers/Illuminati/Jews/Lizard People/Aliens. Anyone but the actual native population. permalink yodayoda 3 points 25 minutes ago this permalink rebuildingMyself 10 points 51 minutes ago Contact the leftists that virtue signal about how amazing their own demographic replacement is. I'm sure they'll be happy to disrupt their lives for some 3rd world savage that doesn't even speak English permalink altYPNeT 8 points 53 minutes ago lol As if the UK Govt was scared of some "legal challenge". In the country where the courts send you to jail for a tweet. permalink notsuicidalatall 5 points 39 minutes ago A shame. I have an ex-pat from Brit. as a close friend. I don't think he likes Trump but i'll bet my dick he is happy he came here 17 years ago. permalink Moebius OP 3 points 37 minutes ago As long as he behaves himself and came here legally I would have no quarrels. If he steps out of line... permalink CaJuN-Polak 5 points 47 minutes ago Honestly .... it'd be much more convenient for ME to kill invaders from the comfort of my own home. Jeeze, I don't even think I'd feel the need to change out of my pajamas. I'm seeing a win-win here. permalink Moebius OP 4 points 45 minutes ago As long as I'm reimbursed for my 'expendables'... permalink lifeisahologram 5 points 47 minutes ago i suspect not a single leftist communist fuck face in England is offering to accept any by the way. They are hoping the government can pressure all the normies into accepting them permalink RedDon 4 points 20 minutes ago I feel bad for the people of England and the other White European nations. If anything, this a cautionary tale for Americans. What you are seeing is a glimpse of America 20 minutes in the future. It’s coming here too and we need to figure this out before it’s too late and we end up like these crumbling nations. permalink 10MeV 3 points 30 minutes ago Does anyone remember that scene in the movie "Dr. Zhivago"? Summary: After returning to his Moscow home, Yuri Zhivago discovers that his house has been seized by the Soviet government and is now occupied by 13 additional families. This occurs after the Bolsheviks take control of the city, and the house, once his private residence, has been converted into a communal apartment. The scene is a pivotal moment in the narrative, symbolizing the drastic shift in personal property rights under the new regime. permalink MeMargie 3 points 44 minutes ago UK Gov't needs to go to the Country's where the Migrants came from and demand they take them back. permalink Truthisunpopular 3 points 10 minutes ago Start with cops and judges willing to uphold unjust laws first, then any male invader or their sons of ANY age. Keep going until there are no more of these then start on the females if they still haven't left. permalink Moebius OP 2 points 3 minutes ago I'd keep a few of 'em and put 'em to work on Pig Farms and Dog Kennels... If they complain point out that Sharia Law allows Slavery... permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 3 points 21 minutes ago Now's your chance, UK. Once they compel you to use your private residences to house them, you've already lost. Everything you own is surrendered. permalink zooty 3 points 35 minutes ago Good. It's going to be much harder to brush the inevitable outcomes under a rug. Though if they have an ounce of sense, they'll be trying to house any families instead of the fighting age men. But probably not. permalink Owmyballz 3 points 34 minutes ago The ole: 1st) Knock on liberals door 2nd) Hag with blue hair answers door: hello 3rd) Conservative: Hi do you support immigration? 4th) Hag: Yes I do 5th) Conservative: Great, I have Julio from Haiti and Abdullah from Afghanistan looking to live in your home, you support that right? 5th) Hag: Not at my home 6th) Conservative: But you support immigration yes? 7th) Hag: NIMBY This is going to fail, its going to fail hard. Any idiot hag who moves a muslim into their home is going to end up beheaded, raped and their dog raped in that order. permalink Seatacjoe 3 points 32 minutes ago Contracts today, demands tomorrow permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 11 minutes ago as always 'con' tracts permalink Hanrahan 2 points 15 minutes ago I guess the hero blue protectors will have to arrest people for not giving up their home to invaders now. permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 15 minutes ago refyoo geeez welcum !!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHH.... NOT IN MY HOUSE permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 30 minutes ago Are there no hotels in the wonderfully diverse places they come from? permalink RealTXPatriot 1 points 10 minutes ago Hmm... I seem to remember the British forcing foreigners into the homes of Americans at one point. Didn't go as planned for them. Don't think this one will either but then again the Brits are cuck faggots. permalink Waco419 1 points 3 minutes ago Hitler did the same thing. permalink dannydrak 1 points 2 minutes ago Did these assholes forget that they live on an island? permalink Waco419 1 points 2 minutes ago Hitler did the same thing. permalink 321 UK Gov’t Panic: Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants Amid Legal Challenges (www.breitbart.com) posted 1 hour ago by Moebius 49 comments UK Gov't Panic Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants In an act of apparent desperation, Britain's government has begun contacting thousands of properties to house tens of thousands of migrants www.breitbart.com