353 Serial pedo to be castrated under new law (www.dailymail.co.uk) 🏆 CANT STOP WINNING 🏆 posted 1 hour ago by neosin 68 comments Serial pedophile to be surgically castrated under American first law A Louisiana man has agreed to be castrated as part of a plea deal after he was caught trying to sexually assault a 7-year-old child-- the most recent of many victims. www.dailymail.co.uk 68 comments IAmRetard 38 points 1 hour ago Then, Woodchipper permalink Platinum28 25 points 1 hour ago Castration by woodchipper.... ultra ultra low speed setting permalink Keep_on_Trumpin 9 points 43 minutes ago Manual crank permalink Platinum28 5 points 33 minutes ago Lemon juice as lubricant permalink Gletkin 5 points 30 minutes ago We have very creative people on this site. permalink yodayoda 1 points 22 minutes ago i prefer a hammer and anvil approach for this particular situation, but woodchipper in general. permalink BigMikesLeftNut 1 points 16 minutes ago With rusty blades permalink JoeBidensDementia1 29 points 1 hour ago Taking away his balls is a good start, but it's a mental illness as well. permalink WooseTheMoose 6 points 55 minutes ago Yeah, I just thought about that. Is it actually they're going to take his balls or the entire thing? permalink EvilGreed209 5 points 49 minutes ago without his balls his libido will be gone and he will have no urge for sex as can't get hard or bust anything so its worthless. permalink booblitchutz 20 points 45 minutes ago Is abusing children dictated by libido? Would castrating him fix his mental illness? I’m not against it, just saying maaaaaaaybe this guy should just be permanently removed from society. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 11 points 42 minutes ago As someone who's worked in a prison in medicine, I've been forced to have to consider this question. Is it sexual desire perverted or is it sadism that exists outside of the pathway of sexual arousal? The answer imho is both, to a varying degree depending on the sex offender. IOW castration is not enough to protect children. permalink Arwen777 3 points 25 minutes ago In my opinion it's demonic possession. I dunno if you guys are aware of the old man named "Albert Fish" who was one of the most horrific and evil Sado- masochists I've ever heard about. He kidnapped, tortured, killed and cannibalized children in the most horrific ways possible. He even wrote graphic letters to some of the parents about the details of his horrific crimes. He not only enjoyed inflicting pain but he also enjoyed inflicting pain on himself. He did horrible things to himself as well. In fact when the parents of the victims were invited to watch him die by electric chair, Albert Fish was actually excited because he felt he was "about to experience a new adventure." He even gleefully helped the guards strap him in the chair. He enjoyed pain. The reason I bring this up is if a human being can be THAT far gone then yeah, maybe just eliminating them from society completely is the best option. I don't know how human beings can be so damn nasty and all I can think of is demonic possession. permalink view 1 more comments... Bullet_Tooth_Tony 1 points 39 minutes ago Plenty of criminals out their that abuse and beat their victims without raping them. So I don't see how these two things are tied together myself. permalink Illuminaughty 2 points 27 minutes ago I have read about how chemical castration and the like often leads to these pedos still seeking a dopamine hit by penetrating and abusing these kids with instruments instead. I suspect it’s like suboxone for addicts. The ones that want to get better can use it as a tool, but it won’t really help those that don’t. permalink Calumet57 2 points 14 minutes ago The only solution for this type of defectiveness is execution. The only closure for victims and families is execution. The only response to the highest rate of recidivism is execution. The least cost burden to society is execution. Castration is not chopping off balls. It's faggoty hormone therapy, creating a risk of transfer to women's prison. permalink Andover 2 points 40 minutes ago Yes, castrating monsters stops their urges to be monstrous. We should take zero chances when it comes to children. Our government has a bad habit of releasing child r@pists so they can flee back to lsraeI. This happened twice this week. They treat America like a candy store, our politicians like the store owners and our children like consumables. permalink RolandDelacroix 10 points 43 minutes ago This has been tried, they still abuse. It's a mental illness not a sexual drive. permalink EvilGreed209 4 points 41 minutes ago well im all for just throwing him in a gas chamber but the pussy liberals cry a damn river. permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 27 minutes ago Tell you what, we can compromise. Gas chamber but he can get out after a year for good behavior. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 4 points 29 minutes ago They've actually done studies on chemical castration. It works on normal people, but pedophiles reoffend through molestation. The only answer is the wood chipper. permalink lockgr2002 2 points 28 minutes ago Theoretically, he could get on testosterone therapy to regain it. But hopefully he'll be dead before he gets out in 40 years anyways. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 25 minutes ago If he's heading to Angola prison, it's likely he won't make it. permalink MegoThor 1 points 2 minutes ago It’s a desire for violence and children are the easiest victims. Cutting his junk off won’t fix that. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 26 points 54 minutes ago Just shoot him and be done with it permalink Illuminaughty 2 points 26 minutes ago Sometimes therapeutic lead is the only answer 🫤 permalink UncleTrumpsBand 0 points 31 minutes ago *shoot him in the dick permalink Rebellion32 12 points 54 minutes ago If only we can stop allowing the Israeli pesos to escape... permalink booblitchutz 5 points 44 minutes ago But the exchange rate for the Israeli peso is pretty good right now, isn’t it? permalink Zippythekid 12 points 51 minutes ago The left will say that’s barbaric. But when the child who was molested comes to them years later confused about their gender they will do it to them out of compassion. permalink DrJosephWarren 2 points 25 minutes ago It's the same drug they use on children to trans them permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 9 points 51 minutes ago Wrong punishment. Just eliminate him. permalink UncleTrumpsBand 1 points 30 minutes ago Too quick. Needs to suffer permalink DCPower 7 points 1 hour ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 42 minutes ago I will. Got a call from him for fundraising and it is on my to do list. Thanks, fren! permalink RusherOfDin 6 points 47 minutes ago There are a lot of historical accounts of castrated men still engaging in sexual activity. This guy should not be released back into the public even if they do cut his balls off. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 40 minutes ago Hopefully he won't make it through the forty year sentence. permalink builditbro 5 points 46 minutes ago Castrate his head from his body permalink yodayoda 2 points 20 minutes ago this permalink Themis595 5 points 44 minutes ago Ages ago I read that castrating these guys can also be useless, that they will continue to rape with whatever they can use. Really ghastly. permalink RolandDelacroix 4 points 44 minutes ago They've tried this, they still abuse kids as it's more mental than sexual. permalink MrJinxy 1 points 16 minutes ago Lobotomy permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 41 minutes ago He has a 40 year sentence which is reduced since he agreed on castration surgically and chemically. It's just such a burden on the rest of us that it should be a death sentence. We really have to get more serious about hunting pedophiles and pushing for the death sentence. They aren't afraid to be caught, THEY ARE AFRAID OF DEATH. permalink least_counties_ever 2 points 30 minutes ago Just hang him. Why this gay shit? permalink Donold 2 points 43 minutes ago use a minigun next time. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 24 minutes ago Cutting off his balls won’t stop his behavior. permalink Covefefe 2 points 53 minutes ago Looks like Ukrainian dwarf. Can we get him next? permalink YodaBannon 2 points 49 minutes ago bye bye dickhead permalink ScarlettOMaga 2 points 33 minutes ago Other states should take note. Off with the junk! He'll have chemical and physical castration (physical just became inacted and it's the only state to do so), then serve forty years. Hopefully, this serial pedo won't make it. permalink canada_is_communist 2 points 33 minutes ago Not. Good. Soon it will be people opposed to the government... permalink flabbergast 2 points 47 minutes ago Chemical of Ballz gone ? i vote for the second. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 41 minutes ago Both chemical and physical. Louisiana is the only state to allow physical and that's been a fairly new law. This guy has a history of raping children. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 1 points 1 minute ago OK, why is Vance pivoting out away from Trump in regard of the Eps***n files? Is he beginning to prepare a coup? Being the first to get there when Trump finally (thank God!) collapses into a painful oblivion? permalink Obsessedcowpuss 1 points 40 seconds ago OK, but why the DOJ requested unsealing Maxwell's jury files, since they knew beforehand that the judge was going to deny it? It's so they have a lame excuse to throw to MAGA as a bone? permalink barwhack 1 points 30 minutes ago LA FTW. permalink wbarmy 1 points 24 minutes ago I agree with most of these comments about the failure of castration in stopping the mental illness. But, castrating him might send a message to others that they really don't want to go down this lane. People can control themselves if the punishment is bad enough. permalink destroyer713 1 points 24 minutes ago You amputated the head instead? Oh NO! permalink RationalThought 1 points 9 minutes ago "We will knock five years off your sentence if we can cut your balls off". You have no idea how many guys would take that offer, diddling kids or not. permalink PatriotPress27 1 points 40 minutes ago Anyone else read the actual story? It was written by either a foreigner, AI, or someone with the education of a 3rd grader. permalink Jimboslice73 1 points 38 minutes ago While they're down there, give him a penectomy also. Make him a nullo. permalink n3IVI0 1 points 22 minutes ago Bullet in the brainpan. permalink notsuicidalatall 1 points 21 minutes ago He'll be taken care of by fellow inmates. He won't last more than 2 years. permalink Illah88zillah 1 points 36 minutes ago Bullets are cheaper. You cant fix a demonic reprobate, you just need to shoot them permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 50 minutes ago Say Sayanara to you Sex Life buddy, good night sweet prince. permalink MrJinxy 1 points 18 minutes ago It should be lobotomy. permalink Genji_Sama 1 points 33 minutes ago FYI castration does not remove the penis. Physical castration removes the testicles, and chemical castration sterilizes you. Neither prevent reoffence. permalink NYforTrump 1 points 3 minutes ago Chemical castration is the same medication that the left gives to children and calls them "puberty blockers". permalink RedDon 1 points 17 minutes ago Oh, the pedo needs to agree to it? I think that model needs some work. permalink RealTXPatriot 1 points 16 minutes ago Dudes been at this so long he doesnt know how to be civilized. Needs put down. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 14 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 353 Serial pedo to be castrated under new law (www.dailymail.co.uk) 🏆 CANT STOP WINNING 🏆 posted 1 hour ago by neosin 68 comments Serial pedophile to be surgically castrated under American first law A Louisiana man has agreed to be castrated as part of a plea deal after he was caught trying to sexually assault a 7-year-old child-- the most recent of many victims. www.dailymail.co.uk