453 TRUMP: FREE TINA PETERS... posted 1 hour ago by Looniz74 PRO 58 comments 58 comments barc 47 points 1 hour ago Less talk, more do. permalink DCPower 32 points 1 hour ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink lostremote- 18 points 50 minutes ago STFU. Theres a process. He puts them on notice, then he drops the hammer. Have you learned nothing? permalink N7fury 9 points 35 minutes ago There are many petulant children here who are mostly clinically depressed and like to pretend like nothing good ever happens permalink HurtzLocker -1 points 16 minutes ago Conversely, a number of naive milquetoasts frequent this board who are easily placated by strongly worded letters and an ultimate lack of action by Republicans. In fact, they often cite "the process" in their diatribes against patriots who value deeds over words. They seemingly possess no comprehension of history or reality. Thank God genuine men of action flourished in the 18th Century. Otherwise, our constitutional republic would be nonexistent. Edit: To those of you downvoting this comment, you are precisely the ignorant cowards referenced in the above post. Have your testosterone levels checked. I'm so grateful you weren't around 250 years ago, and the Founding Fathers would share the same sentiment. permalink N7fury 2 points 10 minutes ago No, I'm talking about every action made out of the Trump camp. Not the uniparty Republicans. I'm not talkong specifically about spineless corrupt politicians. By all means, keep calling them out. I'm talking about how with enough time Trump usually delivers. We've had more happen in the last few years than we have in decades. There is some good happening. I'm talking about the rejection of good news as bad news. All news is bad news. A worrying trend I've noticed permalink TheColdChai 1 points 3 minutes ago I hate to break it to you, but the forum whiners that you're referring to weren't the people taking action in the 18th century. They'd be the ones standing around in the town square saying "nothing ever happens", "do something!" "Please someone who isn't me help us!" The same as they are now. permalink BruddahIz 6 points 40 minutes ago I want to see the hammer - Unlike Obama he has to backup his red line. - I hope he does - I can't imagine him posting this without a plan. permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 4 points 35 minutes ago I like that the notice reminds everyone in the USA that CO is corrupt and the election was a fraud. Then he moves on to extreme measures to get her out of the state jail. I was hoping he would would have done this a long time ago, but as we know, his plate is overflowing. permalink Andover 8 points 48 minutes ago If only the most powerful man in the world could do something about this. permalink _Eric_Ciaramella_ 12 points 47 minutes ago Tits McGee needs to end her Fox News interview and do some work permalink Andover 2 points 13 minutes ago Be fair, protecting the lsraeIi government's pedo extortion of our entire Congress must be a full-time job! permalink StoneRealist 0 points 19 minutes ago If she was convicted in a state court, there's nothing he can do. permalink B-2StealthTrump 1 points 47 seconds ago You don’t know Trump. permalink USDMaga 30 points 54 minutes ago Bring up CO officials on RICO charges for this. permalink DCPower 20 points 1 hour ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink mrreneck 19 points 50 minutes ago Make her a federal witness, NOW. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink MrJinxy 2 points 22 minutes ago Really good idea, patriot. permalink Illah88zillah 14 points 44 minutes ago Get her out of prison and put fat, cheating, hillary wanna be, sec of state Jenna- 'woopsie, I leaked the domion passwords'- Griswold in prison where she belongs. We all know you need ankles to wear an ankle monitor so, let's just lock the fat criminal hog up permalink Looniz74 OP PRO 12 points 1 hour ago https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115066670303535454 permalink EvilGreed209 10 points 52 minutes ago Take Harsh Measures that woman is a PATRIOT to the upmost. No talk all action from her now do whats right. permalink Talon54 1 points 24 minutes ago utmost permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 19 minutes ago you know i thought so but had a brain fog moment as typing just woke up no coffee i guess =). permalink Talon54 1 points 15 minutes ago I know what you're talking about. I'm on my third mug. permalink Hckyhillbilly 1 points 33 minutes ago I’m certainly not a legal mind, but it would seem that some kind of whistleblower protection would apply in this case. permalink BurtMcGirt 10 points 49 minutes ago Maximum pressure needs to be put on Colorado and every Democrat in office until Peters is freed. Use every tentacle of the as a weapon, just like the Democrat Communists do. permalink lifeisahologram 8 points 45 minutes ago Trump should just go and see her, with all of his security, secret service, etc. then just literally walk out with her. What are they gonna do? Nothing. permalink BruddahIz 1 points 39 minutes ago Sounds cool - but he doesn't have to even go this far. permalink Colorado-Living 6 points 54 minutes ago Make it rain President Tump!! permalink RationalThought 4 points 35 minutes ago 9 years is an absolute smoke, they were sending a message. If this was reversed our Conservative Judge would have gave them the 3,000 fine only and they would of never spent a night in jail let alone get sentenced to nine fucking years in State pen. How disgusting what they did to this woman. What can Trump do besides raise awareness of it? Possibly open a Federal investigation into the whole thing? Don't know but I hope he does something this is beyond cruel. permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 7 minutes ago how can brandon the pant shitter pardon thousands and yet we have this BS permalink thelastlast 3 points 38 minutes ago ok, a bit late but ok permalink philasoma 3 points 20 minutes ago Please take down Griswold, President Trump. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink Slice 3 points 50 minutes ago Now do Snowden.. permalink UltraFrogMan 1 points 44 minutes ago Not in our jurisdiction saddly permalink Smashley 3 points 49 minutes ago Fuck yeah. permalink yurimodin 2 points 12 minutes ago I still don't see why the president can't pardon state level convictions. permalink DontTreadOnLego 2 points 11 minutes ago Pull fed funds out of commierado until this is fixed. permalink YodaBannon 2 points 50 minutes ago fuck yeah dude permalink patriotplus 2 points 50 minutes ago DO IT. permalink WowStrongWinning 1 points 1 minute ago Need to free Cain Velasquez as well permalink DontTreadOnLego 1 points 13 minutes ago The backstabbing by the mesa county republican party didn't help either. permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 11 minutes ago DO.THE.HARSH.MEASURES. permalink MarshallB 1 points 10 minutes ago I'm sorry. I keep picturing Bernadette Peters. How dare you hassle Bernadette. permalink RealTXPatriot 1 points 23 minutes ago Skullfuck Colorado into the mountain side permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 6 minutes ago WE ARE TIRED OF TALK ABOUT ELECTION FRAUD, TREASON, AND THE REST. BREAK SOME FUCKING SKULLS!!!!!!!!!!!!! permalink SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 36 minutes ago Help is coming for Tina, President Trump is getting her out if he has to break in himself to rescue her. permalink MarshallB 1 points 4 minutes ago Prisoner Exchange. Tina Peters for Hitlary. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 3 minutes ago OK, but why Trump pivoted from promises to uncover the Dem pedo ring? Is he involved in any way? permalink Taupkek 1 points 2 minutes ago That's the silliest comment I've read all year. permalink TrumpRideorDie74 -1 points 23 minutes ago Pattern recognition loading.............. Two more weeks! permalink UltraFrogMan -1 points 45 minutes ago Hes gonna pardon her permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 5 points 37 minutes ago Federal pardons issued by the president apply only to federal offenses; they do not apply to state or local offenses or to private civil lawsuits. Pardons for state crimes are handled by governors or a state pardon board. What he can do is go after state officials for various federal crimes, withhold funding and shake the state up. I am sure he can dream up all sorts of punishment. permalink MarshallB 1 points 7 minutes ago Hit Colorado with an immediate 250% Tyranny Tariff. permalink Apersonofinterest 5 points 35 minutes ago Can't. State charges. Trump can only pardon federal charges. permalink Prandogolio 3 points 21 minutes ago He should pardon her anyway permalink Keep_on_winning_kag -4 points 47 minutes ago How about you just pardon her? permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 8 points 40 minutes ago Federal pardons issued by the president apply only to federal offenses; they do not apply to state or local offenses or to private civil lawsuits. Pardons for state crimes are handled by governors or a state pardon board. permalink RationalThought 2 points 37 minutes ago It was State charges. permalink 453 TRUMP: FREE TINA PETERS... posted 1 hour ago by Looniz74 PRO 58 comments