189 Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania.......... "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the assassin..." posted 5 hours ago by JTIM 9 comments Girl patriot @Girlpatriot1974 • 5h Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the 9 comments davidw221 8 points 2 hours ago Bongino said he was going to get to the bottom of Butler, so far crickets! permalink spinometer2 4 points 1 hour ago I'm sure someone told him the truth about everything on the first day and he's just playing too much golf to get around to doing something about it permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 6 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink CasuallyObservant 7 points 4 hours ago So which one was the person in charge that popped Crooks? permalink Trumptrooper23 4 points 1 hour ago 3 shots, then 5 rapid fire shots, then 1 shot FROM A COP wounds crooks, then 10 SECONDS LATER THE SNIPER KILLS CROOKS permalink spinometer2 2 points 1 hour ago were the first 8 all into the crowd / at Trump? permalink Bigredmullet 1 points 6 minutes ago 5 shell casings found on the roof near this guy per body cam footage...should be 8... First 3 shots are controlled and have a very distinct timing of a pro...next 5 shots are spray and pray timing of a newb permalink bill_in_texas 1 points 11 minutes ago Nobody ever brought up the fact that the SS sniper, in photos before the incident, was set up with his rifle facing the rooftop the patsy kid was on. Strange coincidence. permalink 189 Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania.......... "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the assassin..." posted 5 hours ago by JTIM 9 comments Girl patriot @Girlpatriot1974 • 5h Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the