642 The kids are alright posted 3 hours ago by HoganP 73 comments 73 comments Choomguy 84 points 3 hours ago Quit groomer! permalink STONKATRUCK 33 points 2 hours ago It's a good thing they made it so mainstream now kids have sensible things to rebel against. Fuck you mom and dad I'm starting a business and dressing moderately! permalink Wrexxis780 21 points 2 hours ago “Fuck you mom and dad I’m staying celibate until marriage to the opposite sex!!!” permalink thisperson 1 points 12 minutes ago Yes, my queen. permalink catsfive 7 points 2 hours ago Cope! permalink vegaspatriot1776 5 points 2 hours ago Easy with the anti-semitism, bigot! permalink NotYourMan 3 points 1 hour ago Exactly! I don't know if this post is real but it doesn't matter. It allows us to reflect on the Obama and Biden administration that allowed sexual perverts to flourish in elementary schools under the mind virus "transgender," under the liberal fascist ideas of "trans-kids" which is not science but nothing more than brain washing to sterilize children. permalink Business-Socks 1 points 28 minutes ago Yeah he should just do it permalink South_Florida_Guy 47 points 3 hours ago That gsa thing she mentioned is the "gay straight alliance" club that's like an official club across the country embedded in so many schools, yes, an actual official grooming club akin to nambla and it's in schools permalink charwoman 20 points 2 hours ago That's how the GSA started in my kid's high school...Gay Straight Alliance. By the time they were Juniors it had morphed into the Gay Students Association. Talk about mission creep...or denouement permalink Stlpoolguy 1 points 9 minutes ago Stl had a strong GSA a long time ago (15-20yrs) and was in the news all the time, normalizing homosexuality. Until the local leader was charged and convicted of child molestation...... permalink DanIsSwell 1 points 23 minutes ago I was just trying to figure that out. Thought maybe it was “Gender and Sexuality Alliance” permalink Bullet3250 34 points 3 hours ago She really should quit. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 13 points 2 hours ago If she can't use her platform to talk about her sexual fetishes to kids instead of teaching them something useful, it's just not worth it. These freaks should quit. Let's take back the education system. Run these commie degenerates out by firings and self deportation. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 1 hour ago Home schooling via churches is not getting enough traction. permalink 2scoops2peachmints 4 points 1 hour ago Should have been fired for the pride flag on gov property and in a public school. permalink Boonedocksbear 3 points 1 hour ago This flaggot could easily be a soylent boy. permalink Whoopies_tds 2 points 42 minutes ago Or teach math. For example, if 82 out of 200 people fall off a chair while standing on it, what percent is that? permalink LookFatty 1 points 18 minutes ago Fun with math !!!! Hope they aren't tangled in rope !!! permalink Modernturnkey 21 points 2 hours ago "I NEED EVERYONE TO KNOW WHO I HAVE SEX WITH" permalink ParticleCannon 3 points 1 hour ago Good morning lovelies, today instead of learning about compound interest or the founding of the nation we're going to learn how to crossdress! permalink DanIsSwell 2 points 22 minutes ago ….”And I want students to come to me and tell me who they have sex with..or want to have sex with”. ok Disney. permalink suitwo_wtr 16 points 2 hours ago Good, bully the groomers out of school. They show more loyalty to that than the US flag and constitution, both of which they made it their mission to remove. They should be nowhere near children. permalink Bldg_2019 15 points 2 hours ago Might I suggest a little Canadian health care? You know, just a consultation to see the options. permalink eddieblasphemy 12 points 2 hours ago safe space stickers work just like gun free zone sigs. permalink Caliban 10 points 2 hours ago Thanks, i needed a 'feel-good' story this morning. permalink DingleBalls 9 points 3 hours ago No safe spaces. Anywhere. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 8 points 2 hours ago Quit and then join the 43% club permalink XlDEN 8 points 2 hours ago I can only imagine how Reddit responded. permalink jughaid 8 points 2 hours ago So she's going to quit? So promoting lgb was that the only reason she got into teaching? permalink LookFatty 1 points 15 minutes ago Yes. Because she a fatso-phycho-pedo permalink DickTick PRO 7 points 2 hours ago Fuck yeah kids! Stand up for yourselves and each other!!! Fuck this Marxist shit!! permalink XlDEN 2 points 1 hour ago What a shift. It wasn’t that long ago that such a complaint might have gotten a kid suspended. permalink Beer-_-Belly 7 points 2 hours ago She should quit. We need teachers not indoctrination specialists. permalink hazelknut 5 points 2 hours ago it's amazing what the little tykes will say when they no longer fear retribution from groomers. permalink JayKay1776 4 points 1 hour ago Who knew a bunch of kids don't want weirdos talking to him about sex. It's almost like that's not fucking normal. Parents need to start beating the fuck out of these people. permalink HoganP OP 4 points 3 hours ago https://x.com/reddit_lies/status/1958301883367338376 Now I'll have that song stuck in my head all day, but this is cool. permalink StolenElectionsKill 4 points 2 hours ago A hard-left. TDS-infected special needs teacher I am acquainted with, only 4 years from full pension retirement, resigned after Trump was elected in 2024. She told me she 'never wanted her signature on pages involving students again.' Make what you will of that statement, and I KNOW that's not the whole story, but that's what she said to me in a crowd of people... I assume she knows I am MAGA too, most people do. permalink 24601 1 points 1 hour ago The special education dept quickly became the sexual grooming department since around 2015. Any parent of a special needs kid who wasn't watching very carefully was in danger of suddenly having a transgender freak show of a kid. Hopefully that changes quickly and permanently. permalink Lulzokbro 2 points 51 minutes ago That was happening around 2015 because of the autism moms, they got their children a designer diagnosis that enabled them to treat said children like permanent toddlers. That treatment made them more susceptible to grooming than children that were parented properly. I remember reading that something like 94% of "trans" minors in 2015 had an autism diagnosis. permalink Antenna 3 points 2 hours ago I shudder to ask: what is a GSA advisor? permalink WarEagleMAGA 3 points 2 hours ago Grooming Service of America permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 1 hour ago Gay sex advocacy permalink JackOfAllTirades 3 points 2 hours ago The reclamation of our children is underway. permalink Roadpower 1 points 1 hour ago Our society* permalink DCPower 2 points 1 hour ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink MagaJay02 2 points 2 hours ago "I can't promote gay sex or safe spaces to kids, how am I supposed to be a teacher under these conditions!?!?". permalink ganachain 2 points 2 hours ago Make calling other kids gay and retarded great again! permalink IAmRetard 2 points 2 hours ago Quit Learn to code permalink HunterBidensPC 2 points 2 hours ago It’s literally a flag for people who like dick that’s all it represents. Shouldn’t be in the classroom permalink SuperUser 2 points 2 hours ago OR.. hear me out... Teach them math instead. Globohomo pawn cunt permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 2 points 1 hour ago What kind of sorcery are you teaching!!! permalink FatigueIsReal 2 points 1 hour ago Please quit. That's the idea. permalink RyanKeyOh 2 points 2 hours ago FAFO permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 1 hour ago Congratulations leftards. You became the Establishment that the young kids rebel against. You flew too close to the woke sun and now you're the stuck up "adults" cartoons make fun of. For years kids had to sit there and bite their tongue as you prattled on about being a victim (despite any pushback being labeled as hate speech or getting you on FBI watch lists meant for terrorists). Welcome back to the "hip to be square" era permalink soonerpet 1 points 2 minutes ago Good make all the trannies quit life, the problem solves itself. permalink grantking2256 1 points 1 hour ago Quit then, faggot. permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 1 hour ago The kids are better off spending a few hours alone at the library than they are in your classroom, bitch. permalink TimoSalami 1 points 2 hours ago I hope the L’s and the G’s understand this is the fault of the B’s T’s Q’s and +’s permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 60 minutes ago So many "educators" are absolute nitwits...and inappropriate groomers of one sort or another. Home school. permalink Lulzokbro 1 points 56 minutes ago BOLO for the "Be You" sticker mentioned in the comments of that post, it is intended to be used as a stealthy pervert symbol in schools that have banned said symbols. The argument they've been told to use is "it's just a rainbow". permalink MagaChick101 1 points 1 hour ago Good quit please stop polluting our children's minds with that woke garbage! permalink Lowersidecustoms 1 points 2 hours ago "My tiny pride flag" It just wanted to break the rules a little. permalink PhantomShield72 1 points 53 minutes ago This pleases me greatly... permalink 1True-translation 1 points 23 minutes ago Leave your sex issues at home pervert permalink RoughBoy 1 points 52 minutes ago the best thing that you can do is quit. permalink JustHereForTheSalmon 1 points 22 minutes ago They complained instead of stealing and shredding. They're not alright yet. permalink MediaBro 1 points 52 minutes ago The dumbest thing the fagtards did in their hate for the West was go after the children and at the same time, go into an alliance with the Islamists. Whatever goodwill they had earned until that point fizzled away as story after story came out of young girls regretting cutting off their tits and boys given hormone blockers as children growing up with malformed penises as adults, who regretted taking hormone blockers. Then to top it off they welcomed in the worst of the worst from the Islamic world, ppl who genuinely hated them and had them placed inside the West and then used them as vote banks. Heck, even the Hispanics were bad but the difference was the Hispanics seemed to also want to eventually integrate. Bringing in Islamists, on the other hand, was a different ball park altogether. No wonder we're all so done with this shit. permalink charlesthehammer 1 points 52 minutes ago Please quit. permalink Michigan 1 points 2 hours ago Yes, quit. permalink sir_rockness 1 points 1 hour ago Just go ahead and quit permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 1 hour ago Honestly I bet these clowns are happy to feel like oppressed victims once more. They also enjoy being petty tyrants but even then they had to mentally twist it into being a victim. permalink Svaap 1 points 49 minutes ago Yes, please do quit at your earliest opportunity. permalink KekistanPM 1 points 1 hour ago Safe Space stickers I worked so hard to get teachers around the school to adopt Why don't you work hard as a teacher instead? permalink 642 The kids are alright posted 3 hours ago by HoganP 73 comments