1289 If they should be arrested then… arrest them. Otherwise you’re doing what you shouldn’t do.😁😁 SAVE AMERICA posted 15 hours ago by GodIsPerfect 100 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 17h 🚨 BREAKING: Kash Patel just CONFIRMED there was NO PREDICATE to raid President Trump’s Mar-a-Lago home “The answer has been DEFINITIVE: there was NO CRIME.” The REAL crime was the agents colluding to make fake evidence. And THEY should be arrested! 100 comments AFferalAF 74 points 15 hours ago Do something or go fuck your handler. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 40 points 15 hours ago It's starting to feel like it's us being fucked. permalink TrumpShadow 15 points 14 hours ago Pajeet Patel won't do shit. permalink Bramage 3 points 13 hours ago He's a faggot. permalink SuperHonkey 2 points 14 hours ago He dindu nuffin permalink Vag2024 4 points 14 hours ago It's only illegal to go against the regime Soviets had the same motto "for my allies? Everything. For my enemies? The law" permalink Threaper666 2 points 11 hours ago Hindu Dindu permalink view 1 more comments... 7PC_Principle 8 points 14 hours ago I keep telling you idiots that for a long time, but majority of the idiots here are high on hopium while drinking Kool aid and bandwagoning muh God emperor muh Trump . Idiots here need to stop being high on hopium and come back to reality and understand all this is just theater. It's a never ending movie with no valuable end result. permalink Metriz77 1 points 9 hours ago So is arresting people on dumb charges. Just because Dems do it, doesn’t mean we need to. Bigger fish to fry. And if you think lower taxes, huge incoming tariff revenue, the most secure border ever and illegal alien sex deviants being arrested are just theatrics then you got your head up your ass and really don’t care about this country. permalink imbackbish 0 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink NoWarWithIran 2 points 14 hours ago Well it wasn't my home that was raided nor my wife's panties that were fondled and sniffed by FBI perverts permalink ShitFromShinola 3 points 14 hours ago Pretty sure it was Baron's tighty-whiteys, not Melania's panties the agents were all sniffing. permalink ArchRespawnsAgain 1 points 14 hours ago Not yet, that is. permalink Here_we_go 2 points 15 hours ago All they do is gaslight and dodge arrows from the left that Trump takes. Supposed to be the other way around. permalink TheTruthAlwaysWins 2 points 14 hours ago I don't think we will see major names indicted/arrested until midterms are over. And when you think it through based on scope and size, what Trump is doing is logical. Who still has power to keep stallling the MAGA agenda? All dems are globalists, or just sellouts for money. Same with the repubs/neo-cons/rhinos. This is an ongoing conspiracy, and Pam is using "Grand Conspiracy" to go after them. Of the 535 on the hill, you'd be hard pressed to find 35 that are not criminals. They have to be eliminated. We still have some hard battles ahead of us. From ChatGPT: A conspiracy is simply when two or more people secretly plan to do something illegal or harmful. It doesn’t need to be big—it could be a small group planning a scam, a cover-up, or even just lying together for personal gain. The key idea is secrecy and coordination. A Grand Conspiracy is usually used to describe a much larger, often global or society-wide plot. Instead of a handful of people, it involves the belief that powerful groups—governments, corporations, secret societies—are all working together behind the scenes. It’s less about one crime and more about an ongoing, all-encompassing hidden agenda. permalink HKgoneWild 0 points 11 hours ago They're 2 more weeks-ing us. Again. permalink try4gain 3 points 15 hours ago Kash needs to redeem all Sars reputation soon permalink TrumpShadow 3 points 14 hours ago Then he should go back to India where he belongs. permalink imbackbish 1 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink NotYourMan 1 points 13 hours ago Arrests? We realize that it takes time to gather the evidence but only if you are on Trump's team. Obama and Hillary got together neutral FBI agents without any evidence and they raided Trump's house with the shoot to kill order too! Why do democrats like Hillary have more courage then Trump's team? Get out there and start arresting people; put those agents in the raid in jail. Where is the f*cking Jan 6th bombers? Why is this person not in jail? permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 12 hours ago He works for Palantir now, like they all do. permalink Sanjyuuichi3 1 points 14 hours ago All I heard and all I've been hearing from them since election day is "We will find you. We will get away with it." Accountability means facing the consequences of your actions. A slap on the wrist doesn't mean diddly for accountability. permalink JerryNadlerBeltFund 44 points 15 hours ago Has anyone told him that the FBI that he leads is, in fact, a law enforcement organization, capable of making arrests? permalink Here_we_go 17 points 15 hours ago He's busy picking out paint colors and furniture for the new fbi building he was going to disband day 1 permalink JerryNadlerBeltFund 9 points 15 hours ago The Deep State Museum guests will appreciate that! permalink The_Emperor 2 points 11 hours ago I don't know about you, but have you seen the list posted here of criminals from the Deep state? It's over 50 names. Heads of agencies, politicians, Democrat operators,. And EVERY ONE OF THESE CRIMINALS has left a faint paper trail, a faint digital trail...a faint financial trail. And this web has MANY Queens of the Demonweb pits. I for one am patient. Patient as the Count of Monte Cristo. And when we get our Justice, it will burn the nest of evil to its core. This isn't one crime family. It's the entire globalist Mafia. The evidence is being built, some are talking for immunity. We will see our pound of flesh, can't. it is far more than 2 weeks. I can sleep soundly. The spiders cant. permalink RiolindasReturn 2 points 14 hours ago But “they’ve been removed from leadership positions”!!! Maybe just put the whole country on the FBI payroll so we can all get the sweet sweet pension. permalink imbackbish 0 points 14 hours ago the FBI does not issue warrants. COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink YouAreIgnorant 28 points 15 hours ago I DO NOT WANT TO HEAR FROM KASH PATEL OR PAM BONDI UNLESS ITS A PRESS CONFERENCE ABOUT THE HUNDREDS OF ARRESTS OF LEADING GLOBALIST CRIME FIGURES IN THE USA. permalink GTHAYS 5 points 14 hours ago And it should be filmed on-scene standing on a gallows. permalink lul_cheto 1 points 11 hours ago They'll have to deport more local fruit hustlers to distract us. permalink imbackbish 1 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink Underpants 28 points 15 hours ago So, get the fuck off of fox and go arrest someone!!!!!! permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 11 points 15 hours ago Someone! Something! Anything! permalink Im_Not_Rattled 19 points 15 hours ago Fuck that "removing them from their positions" bullshit, arrest and prosecute those traitors. permalink Purebloodsupreme 3 points 15 hours ago Keeping the conspiracy going is part of this. Once they take people down things will be fast. permalink lul_cheto 5 points 11 hours ago 2 moar weeks guys! permalink yougotfooledlmao 3 points 2 hours ago ^ Here we see the clown in his natural environment permalink Lulzokbro 12 points 15 hours ago Then arrest them you spineless cuck permalink imbackbish 0 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 10 points 15 hours ago Hahahahaha wow. The idea of People attacking Trump actually being held accountable? That's rich. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 8 points 15 hours ago I hope bringing in an assistant deputy director means that Kash is about to be fired and replaced by Bongino. permalink RiolindasReturn 4 points 15 hours ago Bongino wouldn’t be any better, I’m afraid. More like bring in a deputy who can then be acting director when Kash is exited. permalink BidenShowerDrool 4 points 14 hours ago Every time i see Bongino talk it's like he's held hostage and he's very cagey with his words. A total 180 from when he was flapping his lips on his Rumble show. permalink John_Smallberries 7 points 14 hours ago “We are going to hold people accountable.” When? When the fuck are you people going to make ONE arrest over Russiagate?? permalink projectarcturus1 6 points 14 hours ago It's meaningless if no one is getting arrested and put into prison. These people need consequences. permalink ScamBlondie 6 points 15 hours ago TWO permalink MoreVanceMemes 5 points 14 hours ago MOAR permalink Cuetardian 3 points 14 hours ago WEAKS permalink yurimodin 3 points 14 hours ago WEAKS permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 15 hours ago I’m starting to wonder if these people are just going to point at all the crimes by the Enemies of America for three and a half years and then walk away to Fog Snooze or book deals. permalink lul_cheto 3 points 11 hours ago U mean like last time? That could never happen permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 2 hours ago Of course thats going to happen. Conservatives here have as little pattern recognition as the left. permalink Bullet3250 5 points 14 hours ago Worst answer ever.... Q: 'Are they fired?' A: 'We are trying to find out in the dept who they are?' Kash - just close down the entire FBI.... you know it... I know it... everyone knows. It is time to shut down. permalink Siteless_Vagrant 4 points 13 hours ago The agents were ordered to go in there and use lethal force if necessary, remember? That’s called a hit. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 4 points 15 hours ago Garland. Jail. End of conversation. permalink magnokor 4 points 15 hours ago This Nick guy with a microphone and ear warmers has three of the top four posts here. Might be a record? permalink Region 2 points 14 hours ago How does he find the time to mod here and do his show? permalink RandyMoss 3 points 14 hours ago Wouldn't it be great if we had someone like Kash Patel in charge of the FBI? Guarantee he would do something about this! permalink MaBaker 3 points 14 hours ago When arrests? permalink awsure 3 points 15 hours ago It was a fishing trip permalink imbackbish -2 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink NoWarWithIran 2 points 14 hours ago Worthless street shitter permalink YouAreIgnorant 2 points 14 hours ago Is there a way we can get this message to Trump, Patel, Bondi et al? WE DO NOT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT ANY OF IT UNTIL AFTER THE ARREST. NEVER EVER BEFORE. Unless you make decisions to apply the Law based on Polling, in which case, carry on. permalink Omnes_Omnibus 2 points 5 hours ago "Removed from leadership positions", but not from the FBI permalink behemoth887 2 points 14 hours ago there should be over under odds on will there be a singular lib arrested for literally anything in 2025. i'll take the under, even if it's set at 1. permalink Another_ID 2 points 14 hours ago Show us the affidavits used to secure the search warrants at Mar-a-Laro. permalink FoxyMoron 2 points 14 hours ago Imagine living through the past 8 years of Trump's first two terms and STILL going on Fox to bloviate about your forthcoming strongly worded letters. permalink teleomorph 2 points 14 hours ago full 15 min interview https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMEaK3uzcuQ permalink MythArcana 2 points 14 hours ago Hindigroes are pissing me off. permalink Baptito 2 points 1 hour ago Then arrest them or shut the fuck up. This is ridiculous. permalink MAGA_mantis 1 points 8 hours ago Patel acting like schiff. permalink ACActual 1 points 10 hours ago Kash and Dan are being replaced. Too dumb to understand their being played permalink PhantomShield72 1 points 1 hour ago No shit. Now what? permalink PissOffPatriot 1 points 13 hours ago FUCKING DO IT ALREADY! permalink ShitFromShinola 1 points 14 hours ago This street-shitter needs to go. permalink Lochnessmonster1 1 points 8 hours ago Reason they don't arrest them is they dont want stuff coming out in court. So they will just hurry e erything a d go on fox news to give the goyim a lil entertainment bone. permalink Txiribiton 1 points 4 hours ago It's all theatre, I suppose controlled opposition. Now the uniparty makes you angry but nothing relevant is fixed, debt keeps increasing, money continues going to Israel and Ukraine and all the lobbies, pedos are prortected, etc. permalink Briankitis 1 points 10 hours ago Talking head back at it permalink Deplorable223 1 points 14 hours ago If only this fucking clown knew somebody with the power to make arrests! permalink DaveNLV 1 points 12 hours ago Calm the fuck down people. permalink AgnesDomini 1 points 8 hours ago FFS, then DO something about it! permalink MAGA_mantis 1 points 11 hours ago Cool story. permalink lul_cheto 1 points 11 hours ago Best we can do is let some chomos fly home. permalink drmrboy 1 points 14 hours ago 🚫🍔 ................ 🤓 permalink Reefay 1 points 13 hours ago Then arrest them you stupid pajeet. You're the goddamn top cop. permalink Choppermagic 1 points 12 hours ago fuck you Kash. Arrest the criminals then, not given them promotions. permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 12 hours ago I would like to know how Kash got his glass eye permalink lul_cheto 1 points 11 hours ago Our new chant is "lock no one up" At least we won't be dissapointed this time. permalink reeseangle 1 points 11 hours ago Ok faggot make some arrest. permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 43 minutes ago Arrest all involved. permalink SuperHonkey 1 points 14 hours ago Somewhere there's a street that needs shitting... Jeet's our man!! permalink imbackbish 1 points 14 hours ago COOL. SAME DAY JUDGE DENIES RELEASING EPSTEIN FILES. STOP DEFENDING PEDOPHILES. permalink Brundlefly78 1 points 7 hours ago Do it already. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1289 If they should be arrested then… arrest them. Otherwise you’re doing what you shouldn’t do.😁😁 SAVE AMERICA posted 15 hours ago by GodIsPerfect 100 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 17h 🚨 BREAKING: Kash Patel just CONFIRMED there was NO PREDICATE to raid President Trump’s Mar-a-Lago home “The answer has been DEFINITIVE: there was NO CRIME.” The REAL crime was the agents colluding to make fake evidence. And THEY should be arrested!