1063 Homeland Security: “Undocumented immigrant” is the immigration equivalent of “they/them.” posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 48 comments 48 comments cereal_killer 60 points 10 hours ago Awesome. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 31 points 10 hours ago Fucking beyond sick of the criminals using made up terms to gaslight the uneducated. "Why is our government attacking immigrants? Derp?!" permalink user2827 6 points 9 hours ago The only issue with this one is that people don't often "document" their houseguests. A better equivalent is bank robbers are just making undocumented withdrawals. permalink TheMemesofProduction 5 points 9 hours ago We are so back. This is exactly what I fucking voted for. permalink MrMcGreenGenes 29 points 10 hours ago Wetbacks still OK? permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 25 points 10 hours ago I use it and I'm Hispanic. permalink DT170x 3 points 10 hours ago My brother got called that at his old job and he not even 1% Hispanic. Must be his hard work ethic. permalink progressives4Trump 2 points 10 hours ago Is it because you're sweating in the fields or you just swam across the Rio grande? permalink Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 9 hours ago I believe it’s from being bent over (like picking strawberries) in the field and sweating from the sun beating down on your back. permalink Gyrfalcon 5 points 6 hours ago No! It's definitely from swimming the Rio Grande. permalink crimsonfancy 2 points 9 hours ago I say it all the time. Only one word "illegal" for hoooowhites.....and I say that one even more often. I dont play that, "certain words ok for some to say and off limits for others" bullshit. permalink covfefe77 18 points 10 hours ago step 1: own the language permalink Settin 11 points 10 hours ago 👏 criminal 👏 invaders 👏 permalink TheRPatriot 10 points 10 hours ago It’s just more commie speak permalink nakedjay 4 points 8 hours ago I blame the Associated Press. permalink ColonelKlink 9 points 10 hours ago Democrats lie. They always lie. permalink utfanx2 8 points 10 hours ago You wouldn't tolerate an uninvited houseguest. permalink progressives4Trump -3 points 10 hours ago I mean... Maybe if my friend brought his new girlfriend to the party permalink AmericanJawa 7 points 9 hours ago I still prefer the term "Criminal Aliens". permalink Agent_Orange 7 points 8 hours ago Calling them any kind of "immigrant" is a slap in the face to real immigrants that came here the legal way. permalink UnapprovedNarrative 6 points 9 hours ago We refuse to play their linguistic games. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 6 points 10 hours ago They are not immigrants. They are definitionally migrants, while immigrant means not-migrant. They are also not undocumented, unless they committed felony improper entry. It is a completely improper term. permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 5 points 10 hours ago Link https://x.com/DHSgov/status/1958185007760970233 permalink GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 9 hours ago THIS. This is fully what I voted for. permalink Pissonit 5 points 10 hours ago They/Them can Get/Gone...... permalink least_counties_ever 5 points 9 hours ago Bill Clinton is an undocumented sex partner. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago WORDBATTLES.COM permalink Formerlurker92 4 points 9 hours ago Its nice to see the government catching up to what we've been saying for years permalink MythArcana 4 points 10 hours ago Yep, it's gay AF alright. permalink TooBright 4 points 10 hours ago Lefty lingo is OUT! permalink YT45 3 points 9 hours ago About goddamn time. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 10 hours ago What about illegal pajeets, that still correct to say and describe. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 10 hours ago And they are cops in the US. Demand every LE prove every LE’s citizenship. And…go! permalink conservativefrank 3 points 7 hours ago I just read something that someone wrote about a baseball rule. A guy stepped off the mound. "They threw to first," wrote this person. It was a man. HE HE HE HE threw to first. permalink Beelzy 3 points 10 hours ago Ahhh, Illegal Alien...that takes me back. We called them that in the 70s. permalink crimsonfancy 2 points 9 hours ago Sometimes I think Miller writes all of these. Please don't correct me because I enjoy imagining him saying it. permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 2 points 7 hours ago I LOVE THIS FUCKING POST! permalink ronnietherocket 2 points 9 hours ago Muslims are unconsented teenage heartthrobs. permalink Tookens 2 points 4 hours ago Language is absolutely critical. The radicalized left cannot be allowed to win the language wars. permalink giggitybooped 2 points 4 hours ago I'd prefer both be was/were. permalink UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago Based. permalink Hanging_Chad 2 points 10 hours ago kek permalink XxxRDTPRNxxX 2 points 10 hours ago Yeah, breaking into another country without permission is nothing more than a clerical error, not an invasion. Someone will rubber stamp it eventually, go back to sleep. permalink Dangerous 2 points 7 hours ago next thing you know you will be calling burglars "undocumented houseguests" That joke is a decade and a half old at this point... and also already happened in reality, since illicit squatters have been given legal protection is several states for years now... permalink BeholdaPaleHorse 1 points 8 hours ago Cool, now do Israelis permalink knnbccb 1 points 4 hours ago Why not just kill them? Undocumented in life = undocumented in death. Who is going to know? Who is going to notice? permalink boredrandomguy 1 points 4 hours ago The commies had gotten to the point where they were calling the illegal aliens, "Undocumented Citizens" as if they were the same as actual US Citizens but forgot their IDs. permalink bratt 1 points 10 hours ago I want them to announce There are no undocumented migrants in the United States. . . There are also no illegal aliens, alien invaders, militant invaders, paperless immigrants, asylum seekers or anything similar. We have only American citizens and temporary work visas, student visas and visitor visas. The criminal prisoners that were not executed will be deported as the prison terms end, permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago I consider an undocumented immigrant a LEGAL immigrant who does not have his documentation on his person. Using this term for foreign invading ALIENS is like bait and switch. permalink 1063 Homeland Security: “Undocumented immigrant” is the immigration equivalent of “they/them.” posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 48 comments