here2red's Profile — The Donald Hot HotActiveNewRisingTop OverviewPostsCommentsClose enough I guess. here2red 3 points4 hours agoVinny Gambini's suit in My Cousin Vinny was better
permalinkcontextall comments (150)LIVE: Pres. Trump Holds Bilateral Meeting with Pres. Zelenskyy and European Leaders - 8/18/25here2red 5 points4 hours ago"They love crime!"
LMAO
permalinkcontextall comments (89)LIVE: Pres. Trump Holds Bilateral Meeting with Pres. Zelenskyy and European Leaders - 8/18/25here2red 4 points4 hours agoEnd mail-in-ballots
permalinkcontextall comments (89)LIVE: Pres. Trump Holds Bilateral Meeting with Pres. Zelenskyy and European Leaders - 8/18/25here2red 3 points4 hours agoIts a stupid suit. But its a suit nevertheless.
permalinkcontextall comments (89)LIVE: Pres. Trump Holds Bilateral Meeting with Pres. Zelenskyy and European Leaders - 8/18/25here2red 7 points5 hours agohe came dressed like he's going to a funeral.
permalinkcontextall comments (89)Actress Jenny McCarthy Says the Government Launched a Smear Campaign Against Her for Speaking Out on Her Son’s Vaccine Injury (VIDEO)here2red OP  7 points6 hours agoI dont know. Person who thought SS was a nazi cuz she had good jeans?
permalinkcontextall comments (141)Actress Jenny McCarthy Says the Government Launched a Smear Campaign Against Her for Speaking Out on Her Son’s Vaccine Injury (VIDEO)here2red OP  22 points6 hours agoI remember her poster that I had hanging in my college dorm rm. Yes im a gen xer.
permalinkcontextall comments (141)Bill Barr is testifying in an Epstein Probe today before the House Oversight Committee in a closed door session, not open for the public. here2red 7 points6 hours agoThis is bullshit. This should be an public session. GOP should ask questions about what Project Veritas found.
permalinkcontextall comments (12)1228Actress Jenny McCarthy Says the Government Launched a Smear Campaign Against Her for Speaking Out on Her Son’s Vaccine Injury (VIDEO)(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 6 hours ago by here2red  141 commentsLMAO: MSDNC is rebranding as MS13NOW. "My source for News, Opinion, and the World" 🤣here2red 15 points7 hours agothis is the dumbest name.
permalinkcontextall comments (125)Trump is Discriminating Against Us, Say Mayors of Crime-Ridden Hellholes.
Why are these cities being singled out?here2red 2 points8 hours agoYou know they are scream "dont look at our BLACK cities". That's why I said in a previous post fuck em. Dont bother going into their cities. Its a waste of political capital.
permalinkcontextall comments (37)NEW: Trump calls for an end to mail-in ballotinghere2red 25 points9 hours agoGood. Mail-in-balloting is not for people in the continental US. Its military officers stationed overseas and for our ambassadors and their people.
permalinkcontextall comments (127)Former FBI director James Comey posts bizarre video revealing how he idolizes Taylor Swift & uses her music to cope with the Trump Presidency
here2red 1 points19 hours agoEven medaite is calling it creepy AF
permalinkcontextall comments (225)Former FBI director James Comey posts bizarre video revealing how he idolizes Taylor Swift & uses her music to cope with the Trump Presidency
here2red 2 points1 day agohe's so gay
permalinkcontextall comments (225)Sec. Rubio just torched Margaret Brennan after she says the Europeans are coming to babysit Trump so he doesn’t “bully” Zelenskyy into a peace dealhere2red 18 points1 day agoRubio is getting tired of the bullshit.
permalinkcontextall comments (34)Black MSNBC host targets Karoline Leavitt over her FACE at Putin-Trump Alaska summithere2red 6 points1 day agoWhat does even mean..."look ashen"?
permalinkcontextall comments (5)Can't wait for this on Mondayhere2red 1 points1 day agoVinny! Vincent Laguardia Gambini!
permalinkcontextall comments (2)This is suicidehere2red 1 points1 day agowhat happens if your a dude and you order one? Do they scream like a bitch and step on the gas when they arrive?
permalinkcontextall comments (14)Tulsi Gabbard declassifies ‘DAMNING’ Clapper emailshere2red 2 points1 day agoThis poster posts the same crap with every Tulsi post. Its crap.
permalinkcontextall comments (16)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy will be joined by the following leaders for his meeting with President Donald Trump:
-NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte
-Ursula von der Leyen
-Emmanuel Macron
-Giorgia Meloni
-Friedrich Merz
-Kier Starmer
-Alexander Stubb.here2red 4 points1 day agoWhat is he a fuckin baby? Man up you clown.
permalinkcontextall comments (11)White House tells Zelensky to wear a suit or there will be no meeting!here2red 1 points2 days agowoohoo!!! Sucker
permalinkcontextall comments (32)CNBC host Joe Kernan provides a list of Trump’s accomplishments to Democract leader Rep Hakeem Jeffries.
Then Joe asks him, “where is the calamity you are talking about?”
here2red 3 points2 days agoNow ask him about Mamdami again
permalinkcontextall comments (69)73Trump Summons Zelensky to White House to Discuss Potential Peace Agreement After Historic Putin Summit(redstate.com)posted 2 days ago by here2red  7 comments🚨 WOW! Vladimir Putin is making Democrats FURIOUS after saying: "When President Trump says if he was the president back then, there would be no war...it would indeed be SO. I can confirm that."here2red 5 points3 days agothey're the only ones who dont know these. They are living in their own la la land.
permalinkcontextall comments (66)BREAKING: Putin says an “agreement” has been madehere2red 1 points3 days agothats probably the easy part. Zelensky is gonna be a pain in the ass.
permalinkcontextall comments (21)NY Times - NOT A SHITPOSThere2red 3 points3 days agosniff sniff is that desperation I smell?
permalinkcontextall comments (23)BREAKING: Washington DC’s lawsuit to re-take control of the Metro Police from President Trump has been assigned to…Biden Judge Ana Reyes, per POLITICO.
You gotta be kidding me.
here2red 1 points3 days agoCan you change Capital cities then? /s
permalinkcontextall comments (132)Hillary Clinton admits she would nominate Trump for Nobel Peace Prize if he helps end war in Ukraine here2red 2 points3 days agoburn in hell bitch. No-one wants your backing.
permalinkcontextall comments (10)BREAKING - Jasmine Crockett was exposed last night at a town hall in front of hundreds of people for being a spoiled rich kid from Missouri who never actually came from “the streets” and is fake ghetto.here2red 9 points3 days agoby Sara Gonzales from BlazeTV
permalinkcontextall comments (19)Schiff Complains Democracy Under Attack — After Getting Caught Plotting Against Democratically Elected President.here2red 1 points3 days agoAgain? Yawn
permalinkcontextall comments (45)Ashley Biden shared a photo of husband Howard Krein hand in hand with ‘his girlfriend’ hours before bombshell divorce filing here2red 1 points3 days agoWhy is it a "bombshell"? Fuck do I care?
permalinkcontextall comments (96)Gavin Newsom is absolutely seething over ICE and Border Patrol agents outside his tiny rally.here2red 6 points4 days agoHow bout those 24 hours now tough guy?
joo want war Gavin? I give you war! Say ehlo to my lil ICEY frens
permalinkcontextall comments (2)BREAKING: Karen Bass is MELTING DOWN over the ICE officers arresting illegal aliens outside Newscums press conference.
Trump has OFFICIALLY broken Karen Bass.here2red 2 points4 days ago"this was unbelievably disrespectful....."
yeah and? next time dont snotty tweets saying "you have 24 hours..."
permalinkcontextall comments (28)NEW: Staten Island crowd confronts Zohran Mamdani at one of his campaign stops, boos him, and tells him to "get out of town."
Pro-Trump artist
@ScottLoBaido
was seen being detained by police at the event.
"Go back to where you came from. We don't want you on Staten Island," one protester saidhere2red 2 points4 days agoYour not welcome to red Shaolin Mamdani. Neither red Strong Island
permalinkcontextall comments (99)Scott Baio responds to Tyrus, who said on Gutfeld's show that he didn't know whether Baio was dead or alive. here2red -2 points4 days agoScott, Tyrus will flatten you.
permalinkcontextall comments (10)🚨#BREAKING: A DC man has been charged with felony assault charges after hitting a federal agent with Subway sandwich
here2red 5 points5 days agoAssault with a deadly sandwich?
permalinkcontextall comments (299)Quadruple Murderer Bryan Kohberger Whines to Guards as Inmates Put a Target on His Back and Keep Him Up at Night with Tauntshere2red 1 points5 days agoa psychopath? why over analyze it?
permalinkcontextall comments (229)Quadruple Murderer Bryan Kohberger Whines to Guards as Inmates Put a Target on His Back and Keep Him Up at Night with Tauntshere2red 4 points5 days agoyeah bro, its jail. Get used to it.
permalinkcontextall comments (229)Low IQ Chicago Mayor: "Trump is intimidated by the intellectual prowess of blacks like me"here2red 1 points5 days agoLMAO
Im dead
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
permalinkcontextall comments (328)Government run grocery shuts down after black people rob it of $18 millionhere2red 1 points5 days agothats why I say President Trump shouldnt take over all these place. If they keep voting Dem, fuck em.
permalinkcontextall comments (266)Trump: "Im going to make DC safer", Leftist asshats: here2red 1 points5 days agoStarting 8:01 shooting my neighbors who "get loud" at 8:00
P.S. why werent they before Trump sent out the National Guard??????
permalinkcontextall comments (176)Designating antifa as a domestic terrorist organizationhere2red OP  2 points5 days ago
Part 3 of this Washington Examiner series, Antifa, Inc., will explore what it would take to designate antifa as a domestic terrorist organization and assess the implications of that designation.
permalinkcontextall comments (6)139Designating antifa as a domestic terrorist organization(www.washingtonexaminer.com)posted 5 days ago by here2red  6 commentsDC Mayor Does 180. Now calls for residents to fight back against Trump's 'authoritarian push'.here2red 7 points5 days ago"We want crime!"
Are these people for real?
permalinkcontextall comments (24)MAGA men only think about one thing, and it's awesome!here2red 3 points6 days ago"I bet he's thinking about SS's tits"
"yeah arent you?"
permalinkcontextall comments (57)“You need to understand you don’t run America no more.”here2red 6 points6 days agosomeone forgot to take their crazy pills this morning.
permalinkcontextall comments (45)deletedhere2red 1 points6 days agoLOL. Dude STFU with your warnings.
permalinkcontextall comments (5)Newsflash: Governments Lie by Ron Paulhere2red OP  1 points6 days ago
President Trump is correct that BLS manipulates statistics related to the economy, but it has been doing so since long before Donald Trump moved to the White House.
permalinkcontextall comments (1)10Newsflash: Governments Lie by Ron Paul(www.zerohedge.com)posted 6 days ago by here2red  1 commentsA reporter tried to say that crime in DC is down and
@JudgeJeanine
wasn't having it for a SINGLE SECOND!
This is the energy we've needed in DC!here2red 8 points6 days agoLOL. I love her.
permalinkcontextall comments (8)45YouGov has Sweeney data - 12% of Americans find it offensive. 7% of men are gayposted 6 days ago by here2red  0 commentsArizona to Pilot Overseas UOCAVA Voting Program Using Voter’s “Personal Device,” to Include Cell Phoneshere2red 4 points6 days agoUniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, or UOCAVA
permalinkcontextall comments (50)Jerome “Too Late” Powell must NOW lower the rate. Steve “Manouychin” really gave me a “beauty”when he pushed this loser. here2red 7 points6 days agoCmon "Too Late" !!!
I love that name
permalinkcontextall comments (271)VIDEO - "BREAKING: Black community leaders call on Cincinnati to charge the white victim of the downtown attack
"The white guy incited 6 felonies""here2red 15 points6 days agoI dont care what whitey said losers. You're an adult, just walk away.
permalinkcontextall comments (23)Fox News Liberal Harold Ford Praises Trump for Sending National Guard to D.C., Says He’s ‘Pleased and Encouraged’here2red OP  1 points7 days agoYup, he's more level headed. Cant stand her screeching voice.
permalinkcontextall comments (8)180Fox News Liberal Harold Ford Praises Trump for Sending National Guard to D.C., Says He’s ‘Pleased and Encouraged’(www.mediaite.com)posted 7 days ago by here2red  8 commentsHappily married for 2 years 🤣here2red 5 points7 days agoLOL. This is stupidly retarded. But I love it.
permalinkcontextall comments (21)The Mayor of Washington, DC is scared...and she's running for Governor of the new state.  Fuck off.here2red 4 points7 days agohis views are shaped by his eyes fool
permalinkcontextall comments (4)Trump says that he may take control of New York, Chicago and other cities just like DC.here2red 3 points7 days ago
Some things should be illegal to vote for.
Uh no. People everywhere need to see up close and personal that "elections matter". If you just go in all Joseph Stalin like and say "im taking over" this this and that. This where retards like AOC and Zohran Mamdani come from.
permalinkcontextall comments (235)Trump says that he may take control of New York, Chicago and other cities just like DC.here2red -3 points7 days agoLets not go crazy now.
permalinkcontextall comments (235)Mamdani’s vow to wage war on Trump WILL be a nightmare — for New York Cityhere2red 1 points7 days agoJust like idiots in California. Whatever.
permalinkcontextall comments (86)Where have all the Recessions gone?here2red 4 points7 days agoThis isnt pure capitalism as it was meant to be anymore. Thats why the Fed was invented.
If there was a true "recession" people would throw a shit fit. especially with all the access to info now-a-days. There is nothing wrong with a recession TBH.
permalinkcontextall comments (52)Someone Needs To Check On Adamhere2red 3 points8 days agoyeah why didnt you care about it when you we're in office?
yeah why didnt you care about it when you we're in office?
yeah why didnt you care about it when you we're in office?
yeah why didnt you care about it when you we're in office?
yeah why didnt you care about it when you we're in office?
permalinkcontextall comments (140)Bernie Sanders Has Never Had a Real Job, yet Says Dems Must 'Stand With Working People'here2red 1 points8 days agoby bringing in illegals and H1-b's?
permalinkcontextall comments (7)78CAN'T MAKE THIS UP! Boomer Democrats in Gainesville, Florida lock themselves in a cage to protest Alligator Alcatraz 😂posted 8 days ago by here2red  16 commentsDisney when they get tired of making woke movies that make no money here2red 3 points8 days agoIs that the kids version or the XXX version?
permalinkcontextall comments (25)DEI Hire Dumb Fuck LA Mayor Bass on Don the Builder Trump Criticizing Her on Permits: He Doesn’t Know What He’s Talking About, But There Are ‘Problems All Over’here2red 2 points8 days agothe "problem" that she speaks of is the one only blue state gov/mayors find and then delay the process years and years.
permalinkcontextall comments (7)Valentina Gomez crashes a Beto O’Rourke rally giving no f*cks here2red 8 points9 days agoThats a hispanic person. Not Robert.
permalinkcontextall comments (180)In a deranged and profane rant, Chronic Loser Beto O'Rourke calls Republicans "fascists" and tells Democrat states to redraw their districts now.
"Fuck the rules, we are going to win whatever it takes."here2red 2 points9 days agoSTFU Robert
permalinkcontextall comments (158)If a Republican were to run for office today, with the exact same political positions that Bill Clinton had in the 1990s, the current Democrat party would call that person a radical far right Nazi.here2red 1 points10 days agoYup, he would be considered total MAGA.
permalinkcontextall comments (10)‘Whitelash’: Professors say white students get angry, frustrated by ‘anti-racist education’ here2red 6 points10 days agoWhy shouldnt they? I would too. That's what you're paying thousands of dollars for?
permalinkcontextall comments (252)For The First Time Since COVID Crash, Credit-Card Debt Shrinks For Second Month. here2red 0 points10 days agoNormal people would read this as a good thing. But you have to read this from a WS perspective....
PANIC!
LOL
permalinkcontextall comments (170)42Don Jr posted a meme of Trump on the White House roof throwing a green dildo at WNBA playersposted 10 days ago by here2red  3 commentsPROJECT VERITAS PART TWO: WHISTLEBLOWER: Bill Barr Held Secret Meetings to Plot Prosecutions of Trump and Block His Political Comeback (VIDEO)here2red 19 points11 days agothis woman kept awesome notes. This is not just some meeting at a bar.
permalinkcontextall comments (163)61Watch: Victim of Infamous Cincinnati Attack Speaks Out, Counters DEI-Supporting Police Chief's Claims(redstate.com)posted 11 days ago by here2red  0 comments