Moebius's Profile — The Donald Hot HotActiveNewRisingTop OverviewPostsComments5Russia Rejects NATO Forces as Security in Ukraine - Any scenario for the deployment of NATO troops in Ukraine is categorically unacceptable for Russia and is fraught with a sharp escalation, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Monday.(redstate.com)            REEEEEEE! posted 4 minutes ago by Moebius  1 comments8Riverside County Sheriff and Gubernatorial Candidate Chad Bianco Vows to EXPOSE ‘Liar and Fraud’ Gavin Newsom: “You Will Never Be President” (VIDEO)(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 10 minutes ago by Moebius  1 commentsICE is seriously considering immigration enforcement at Truck Weigh Stations across America.Moebius 2 points15 minutes agoNot a bad idea.  They have to pull through and if they fail to do so they send the Interceptors after them.
Consider adding Truck Stops too.  If they avoid them eventually they run out of Diesel and are easy to grab off the highway.
permalinkcontextall comments (13)Bodycam Footage Shows Drunk Democrat Rhode Island AG Screaming ‘I’m an AG!’ During Arrest — Officer Responds: ‘I Don’t Give a Sh*t’Moebius 12 points22 minutes agoTypical Drunk Karen behavior.  Look at any of the thousands of body cam videos and you'll see the common elements of entitlement and resistance to authority.
permalinkcontextall comments (46)10On the Day of US Peace Summit, Ukraine Attacks Druzhba Pipeline, Cutting Flow of Russian Oil to Hungary – Budapest and Kiev Clash on Social Media(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 28 minutes ago by Moebius  1 commentsBREAKING: Bodycam footage of drunken Democrat appointed Rhode Island assistant AG arrest. “I’m an AG! I’m an AG!” Officer: “Good for you. I don’t give a sh*t. Let's Go!"
Moebius 1 points38 minutes agoOnly had to hear it 11.5 times...
permalinkcontextall comments (25)BREAKING: Bodycam footage of drunken Democrat appointed Rhode Island assistant AG arrest. “I’m an AG! I’m an AG!” Officer: “Good for you. I don’t give a sh*t. Let's Go!"
Moebius 3 points39 minutes agoI'm not questioning you, I'm arresting you.
...and i heard somewhere you're an AG so you should already fuckin' know your rights.
permalinkcontextall comments (25)"Blackstone didn't buy 274,000 homes to be landlords.
They spent $1 trillion turning home ownership into subscription housing.
They are creating a generation that will own nothing and rent everything.
While families dream of white picket fences, Wall Street dreams of permanent tenants."Moebius 5 points50 minutes ago274000 bonfires...in Minecraft.
The 3rd world slaves they have renting those don't insure them and i'll wager neither does the landlord.
permalinkcontextall comments (17)12TRANTIFA:  Far-Left Anarchist Group Formed During BLM Riots Behind Texas ICE Shooting Ambush(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 2 hours ago by Moebius  2 comments522'PMS NOW' -- MSNBC is 'Transitioning'...(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 2 hours ago by Moebius  33 comments81Nine in Ten Voters Back Deporting Migrant Sex Offenders: Poll(www.breitbart.com)posted 3 hours ago by Moebius  9 comments199Helen Mirren:  You Can’t Have a Woman’ Playing James Bond: ‘It Just Doesn’t Work’ -- "James Bond is a man and that’s that." (www.breitbart.com)posted 3 hours ago by Moebius  13 comments
MS-LMAO: Humiliated MSNBC Forced to Rebrand as MS NOW -- NBC Kicks Them to the Curb
Moebius OP  2 points3 hours agoTry 30 years ago...
permalinkcontextall comments (5)34
MS-LMAO: Humiliated MSNBC Forced to Rebrand as MS NOW -- NBC Kicks Them to the Curb
(www.breitbart.com)posted 4 hours ago by Moebius  5 commentsLadies take notes!Moebius 3 points10 hours agoWhere'd all my money go...
permalinkcontextall comments (93)19French and British Coming to See Daddy...posted 10 hours ago by Moebius  0 commentsMore money for illegals in illinois.Moebius 15 points10 hours agoOf course if they're 'Undocumented' there will be no record of where that money actually went.
permalinkcontextall comments (95)32Business as Usual:  Firms Hired By WEF to 'Investigate' Corruption Clear Founder and Former WEF Chairman Klaus Schwab of Corruption Because That's Why They Were Hired to Do(www.breitbart.com)posted 10 hours ago by Moebius  2 comments143Someone Should FOIA Gavin Newsom on his Deliberations and Implementation of his ICE FOIA Request(www.breitbart.com)posted 11 hours ago by Moebius  3 commentsThis was not medical care for children. The was a Hamas linked NGO trying to scam our system.
They halted a migration scam to bring entire families into the USA. If it was medical care, then it would be maybe one parent with the child. Videos showed entire extended families arriving Moebius 1 points17 hours agoAre there no functioning hospitals elsewhere in the ME or the EU that can take 'em.
If its such an emergency they're closer...and they signed the same fucking treaties we signed...
permalinkcontextall comments (4)"Liberal white woman repeatedly assauIts a man that she believes is an ICE agent..
WTF!?"Moebius 7 points17 hours agoIf he was ICE, he'd have slammed her to the ground in a microsecond as soon as she touched him.
permalinkcontextall comments (21)President Trump’s schedule with European leaders Monday is JAMPACKED.
Another Oval Office meeting with Zelensky is set for 1:15pm ET, and a multilateral press conference with 5+ European leaders is scheduled for 3pm.
Going to be a VERY interesting day! 🇺🇸Moebius 16 points18 hours agoThe Italians landed earlier this evening.  The Germans landed a few minutes ago.
permalinkcontextall comments (68)How many CDL's are illegals, 4% would be 130,000 illegals, but it could be 8-12%! Moebius 1 points18 hours agoThe Semi with the door open/visible tracks back to:
HUNTER EXPRESS LTD.  Brampton ONTARIO
US DOT:  1368661; MC:  523475
https://li-public.fmcsa.dot.gov/LIVIEW/pkg_carrquery.prc_getdetail
Type MC # in search field.
permalinkcontextall comments (7)illegal allegedly scalded baby with hot coffee in sickening random attack after visa application was rejectedMoebius 10 points18 hours agoThis happened in Australia (Queensland).  The Chinese 'Migrant' has been identified, but has apparently fled back to China via New Zealand.  China extradites no one.
https://nypost.com/2025/08/17/world-news/migrant-allegedly-attacked-baby-after-visa-application-rejection/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=nypost
permalinkcontextall comments (11)We used to be a proper countryMoebius 9 points19 hours agoCharles Nelson Reilly was the comedian with the Swastika arm band.
The Match Game.  Mid 70's by the hair and clothing styles.
permalinkcontextall comments (10)M.A.P. stands for Millstone Attached Person!!!!Moebius 3 points21 hours agoStraight to The Locker...
permalinkcontextall comments (7)Barack Hussein Obama's Brother Malik Attacking Laura Loomer for Protesting the Resettlement of GAZA Muslims to USA.    _Anyone Who Does Not Want GAZA Palestinian Muslim Refugees In YOUR Backyard is a RACIST   (...Here we go w Race Card)  _Are There NO Other Countries In the World To Resettle People?Moebius 3 points21 hours agoThey can resettle Atlantis...
permalinkcontextall comments (14)Microsoft, $MSFT, has said that these are the 40 jobs most at risk by AIMoebius 1 points21 hours ago...as demonstrated by people's propensity to buy everything on line...even their dinner.
permalinkcontextall comments (285)42Anti-MAGA:  'Republicans' That Pal Around With 'The Clintons'(www.zerohedge.com)posted 21 hours ago by Moebius  5 commentsTransbians 😆Moebius 8 points24 hours ago“The Revolution will be complete when the language is perfect.”
― George Orwell, 1984
permalinkcontextall comments (33)Transbians 😆Moebius 6 points24 hours agoEvery day there's a new made up word.
permalinkcontextall comments (33)Do it anyway. Immediately.Moebius 4 points1 day agoThat sounds like Blackmail.  That's just the kind of Extortion Gays use especially against other faggots...
permalinkcontextall comments (23)Former FBI director James Comey posts bizarre video revealing how he idolizes Taylor Swift & uses her music to cope with the Trump Presidency
Moebius 58 points1 day agoJames Comey is a Faggot Beta Male
permalinkcontextall comments (225)396FREED! Triple-Amputee Vet Brian Kolfage Imprisoned for Building Border Walls Is FREE!(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 1 day ago by Moebius  3 comments27If he Wasn’t Here Illegally, he’d Likely Still Be Alive:  Fleeing Illegal Escapes ICE Only to Be Struck By SUV...he Didn’t Make It(www.thegatewaypundit.com)posted 1 day ago by Moebius  4 commentsHang everyone involved with getting that ghoul a licenseMoebius 18 points1 day agoI can find no specific information as to who he was driving for or working for nor the owner of the truck in any on-line sources...HOWEVER I did find several Harjinder Singh listings at:
https://www.carriersource.io/trucking-companies/search?carrier[entity_type]=carrier&carrier[query]=Harjinder%20Singh
Here are two of them.
Harjinder Singh based in Ontario, California, operates under USDOT number 3066644 and MC number MC058467, also as an interstate freight carrier. This company owns four tractors and three trailers, and its safety compliance includes one Hours-of-Service Compliance violation in the past 24 months. It is authorized to operate as a common carrier for property.
Additionally, a Harjinder Singh from San Jose, California, is listed as a licensed trucking company with USDOT number 2762074.
permalinkcontextall comments (26)Hang everyone involved with getting that ghoul a licenseMoebius 5 points1 day agoPlease Saar, I don't know your laws.  In India this is perfectly fine.
permalinkcontextall comments (26)City of Buffalo closes JFK pool, citing violence as reason.  A gang of 30-40 "individuals" attacked the lifeguards on dutyMoebius 4 points1 day agoPretty much anything with JFK or MLK in da name tells you what da Hood is like.
I wonder why the Pool was closed before.  Probably the same damn thing...
permalinkcontextall comments (10) disgusting Zelensky making demands of us, after he has failed to protect his territory, even with the hundreds of billions in welfare that we have gifted him.
The American people AND the Ukrainian people want this war over.Moebius 2 points1 day agoThat Midget Faggot is in no position to dictate terms.
Ukraine's Constitution also makes suspending elections impossible...yet here we are.
permalinkcontextall comments (19)'Hilarious': White House Mocks NPR Over Alaska Summit 'Security Breach' StoryMoebius 1 points1 day agoTOP SECRET/SCI
CODE WORD:   'HALIBUT OLYMPIA'
Sheesh...more than half the schedule were meetings including Press.
permalinkcontextall comments (52)When it comes to colonizing, no European nation comes close to IslamMoebius 3 points1 day agoThe Sun never set on the British Empire.
Just sayin'...
permalinkcontextall comments (24)If California is Issuing CDLs to Illegals, I Don't See Why Other US States Continue to Recognize CA Driver Licenses or Vehicle Registrations At AllMoebius OP  4 points1 day agoReciprocity.
CA doesn't recognize Concealed Carry Permits/License to Carry, issued by the VAST majority of States because of qualification 'reasons'.
So it seems logical that Driver Licenses, being issued by a State to unauthorized/unqualified persons can be treated the same way.
permalinkcontextall comments (10)A media investigation was done into why Minneapolis Police didn’t pursue the 125 car windows being smashed and robbed in one night
It found Minnesota Democrat’s made a policy to where the POLICE CANNOT PERSUE THESE CRIMES. (THIS IS REAL)Moebius 2 points1 day ago"We're police officers, we're not trained to handle this kind of violence!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MNHSBhWc5g
permalinkcontextall comments (8)Man made horrors beyond my comprehension.Moebius 2 points1 day agoBut I bet the evil lunatic murdering fucks would get one just to have an abortion...
permalinkcontextall comments (286)Man made horrors beyond my comprehension.Moebius 15 points2 days agoIf that were true Trannies would be screaming to get them implanted...
permalinkcontextall comments (286)155If California is Issuing CDLs to Illegals, I Don't See Why Other US States Continue to Recognize CA Driver Licenses or Vehicle Registrations At Allposted 2 days ago by Moebius  10 commentsMan made horrors beyond my comprehension.Moebius 29 points2 days agoThen there's that pesky little problem of an Umbilical connection...
I'm calling bullshit.
permalinkcontextall comments (286)"Indian man films children at a park and gets caught by the mothers, who confront him and call the police.
“Please please please please please I don’t know the rules…in India, it’s not a problem”
It’s a pattern."Moebius 5 points2 days agoIgnorance is not a Defense...
permalinkcontextall comments (7) The National Guard is preparing to carry weapons in Washington, D.CMoebius 1 points2 days agoThat's a game changer.
permalinkcontextall comments (78) The National Guard is preparing to carry weapons in Washington, D.CMoebius 7 points2 days agoThey don't issue Bayonets anymore.
permalinkcontextall comments (78) The National Guard is preparing to carry weapons in Washington, D.CMoebius 3 points2 days agoThey don't want any 'accidents'...
permalinkcontextall comments (78)Top British Army Officer Predicts Civil War as ‘Rabbit in Headlights’ Leaders Incapable of Political SolutionsMoebius OP  1 points2 days ago🤔...
permalinkcontextall comments (7)Top British Army Officer Predicts Civil War as ‘Rabbit in Headlights’ Leaders Incapable of Political SolutionsMoebius OP  2 points2 days agoOnce the native British realize their Government has become illegitimate as well as the laws they create, their will be no holding them back and no way to contain them without a Bloodbath.
permalinkcontextall comments (7)28Top British Army Officer Predicts Civil War as ‘Rabbit in Headlights’ Leaders Incapable of Political Solutions(www.breitbart.com)posted 2 days ago by Moebius  7 commentsYou are now “far right” if you want to use air conditioner to cool during scorching heatMoebius 17 points2 days agoAll they have to do is find 3 or 4 of the Communist Elite that have AC and point it out.
I bet Macron has AC.  How else can he keep Brigitte's Balls from sweating in the hot summer...
permalinkcontextall comments (60)
The easiest way to stop Gavin Newsom’s redistricting plan is to station ICE agents at every polling station throughout the state
Let’s see what California elections look like without illegalsMoebius 22 points2 days agoCA will just flood the zone with mail-in ballots.
Just because Illegals are removed doesn't mean CA will clean up their voter rolls.
Paper Ballots and IDs.  Make them physically show up.
permalinkcontextall comments (47)If Zelenskey fucks up the peace talks, I'm ok with Russia nuking Z boy.Moebius 6 points3 days agoThat ex-actor CIA installed faggot Zelenski is being egged on by the EU and Globalist 'special interests'.
No way he's orchestrating this on his own...
permalinkcontextall comments (40)CNN reported Trump was angry at Putin after the meeting
Does this seem angry?Moebius 2 points3 days agoGet ready for the 'Russia Russia Russia' crowd to chime in...as soon as they get their talking points fed to them...
permalinkcontextall comments (10)CNN reported Trump was angry at Putin after the meeting
Does this seem angry?Moebius 3 points3 days agoCNN is full of shit.  So is Faux News
permalinkcontextall comments (10)My Two Cents:  Trump Let Putin Speak First and Putin's Comments Were Aimed at the EU. All Talk About Prior US-Russian Cooperation. Nothing Terrifies the EU More That Talk of  Russian-US Alliance and Cooperation.Moebius OP  2 points3 days agoOnce Trump gets on the Phone to Europe and Ukraine, the leaks start.
...and I guarantee you'll be hearing from the 'Russian Collusion' Hoax crowd as soon as they get their MOCKINGBIRD talking points organized.
permalinkcontextall comments (5)Only 59 Cops Arrested in Southern Mexico for Working with Cartels -- If They Arrested Everyone Working for the Cartels They Wouldn't Have a Police Force.Moebius OP  2 points3 days agoThis is all eyewash from the Cartel controlled Mexican government to appease Trump and his move against the Cartels...
permalinkcontextall comments (3)128My Two Cents:  Trump Let Putin Speak First and Putin's Comments Were Aimed at the EU. All Talk About Prior US-Russian Cooperation. Nothing Terrifies the EU More That Talk of  Russian-US Alliance and Cooperation.(www.breitbart.com)posted 3 days ago by Moebius  5 commentsSomething to Hide?  UK Says It Will Put ‘Boots on the Ground’ if a Ukraine Ceasefire is AgreedMoebius OP  2 points3 days agoThe UK was OK a long time ago...until they let the Poofs and Wogs take over...
permalinkcontextall comments (8)Something to Hide?  UK Says It Will Put ‘Boots on the Ground’ if a Ukraine Ceasefire is AgreedMoebius OP  2 points3 days agoPink Tanks...
permalinkcontextall comments (8)36Only 59 Cops Arrested in Southern Mexico for Working with Cartels -- If They Arrested Everyone Working for the Cartels They Wouldn't Have a Police Force.(www.breitbart.com)posted 3 days ago by Moebius  3 comments16Something to Hide?  UK Says It Will Put ‘Boots on the Ground’ if a Ukraine Ceasefire is Agreed(www.breitbart.com)posted 3 days ago by Moebius  8 comments11Joby Aviation Makes "Aviation History" With First Piloted eVTOL Flying In FAA-Controlled Airspace(www.zerohedge.com)posted 3 days ago by Moebius  0 commentsLIVE: President Trump Holds a Press Conference After Meeting with Putin in Alaska - 8/15/25Moebius 6 points3 days agoTrump already told the EU:  if I walk away you're on your own.
He'll SELL weapons to EU/NATO.  If they want to give them away then whatever.  He won't be funding UKr. further.
permalinkcontextall comments (128)Anchorage, Alaska, protesters are hyperventilating in the streets as President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin are set to meet.
"Trump thinks he can negotiate anything. He can't negotiate himself out of a paper bag," said one protester.Moebius 2 points3 days ago'Alaskans'...my ass.
permalinkcontextall comments (17)To everyone yelling RELEASE THE EPSTEIN FILESMoebius 0 points3 days agoAnything worth a shit was destroyed long ago.  Everything else is fabricated.
Blackmail victims would never know what they had...
permalinkcontextall comments (54)After pulling over for a better picture, an ICE agent called a liberal woman a “Karen.”👏👏Moebius 15 points3 days ago...and she still says "get their license plate" like oh sure, it's their personal vehicles...
permalinkcontextall comments (169)There's "Power Moves", then there's "Tea Bagging with Stealth Tech, Power Moves"Moebius 2 points3 days agoThe closest Putin has ever gotten I'll wager...
permalinkcontextall comments (363)DOJ Seeks Death Penalty For Transgender Vegan Cult Member Charged with Killing Border Patrol AgentMoebius OP  2 points3 days ago...and give some Libtard Judge the opportunity to release them years later?
Not a chance.
permalinkcontextall comments (83)DOJ Seeks Death Penalty For Transgender Vegan Cult Member Charged with Killing Border Patrol AgentMoebius OP  4 points3 days agoThen feed it to the Hogs.
They don't mind if it's 'Vegan'...
permalinkcontextall comments (83)187The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has Laid Waste to California’s ridiculous “one-gun-per-month” law in yet another victory for Gun Rights.(townhall.com)posted 3 days ago by Moebius  4 comments