864 Big WIN for the Great State of Texas!!! TRUMP TRUTH posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 55 comments 55 comments Texas_Pride 42 points 7 hours ago Proud of my people. permalink Cali_kid 14 points 7 hours ago Thanks for saving the country permalink ModsAreCucked 8 points 7 hours ago Don’t get too excited. Florida and Texas got half-invaded without doing much of anything about it — other than sucking off the Latinos that invaded them and calling you RACIST if you opposed the invasion. Redistricting is nice, but Texas and Florida are not “saving the country.” We need MUCH stronger leaders than Greg Abbott and Ron DeFaggot if the USA is going to have any hope of being great again. permalink possibletower 3 points 3 hours ago Cope, stormfag. Border Hispanics of TX flipped to GOP in recent elections. Yet fags like you want us to shit on them and instead simp for liberal white women because "muh based white women" permalink arkylady 1 points 1 hour ago I used to live in west Texas and the Mexican Americans there would call ICE on illegals in a heartbeat. They didn't want them taking their jobs. County I lived in was 68% hispanic and voted 74% Trump in 2016. permalink Pissonit 11 points 7 hours ago Same here...lived here my entire life of 62 years. The only thing I hate is the heat. In the summer you can take a shower, walk outside and start sweating like a.......You know. permalink Cyer6 10 points 7 hours ago I mow my yard here in 70 degree weather and I have to take a shower. Fucking humidity but I love this state. permalink Pissonit 2 points 58 minutes ago I'm 62 and mow my yard as well. Yesterday I had to take about 5 breaks while trying to mow mine. It's was 98 degrees.....almost kills me but I can't afford to pay $50.00 a week to have a company do it. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 3 points 6 hours ago Beto can go toss his own salad. permalink Meister_Bockmist 2 points 3 hours ago Oh, is it Saturday already? permalink EgregiousPhilbin -12 points 7 hours ago Credit given, but please quit being faggots with almost everything else. permalink NoStepNovember 9 points 7 hours ago Please reach 41% status sooner. permalink Hanging_Chad 3 points 7 hours ago u/EgregiousPhilbin is a tranny Oklahoman? permalink NoStepNovember 4 points 7 hours ago Definitely permalink Texas_Pride 6 points 7 hours ago Lol fuck you faggot! permalink EgregiousPhilbin -8 points 7 hours ago that's a start permalink Hanging_Chad 18 points 7 hours ago non-mailed paper ballots are the best ballots permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird -1 points 5 hours ago Unless they’re Ranked Choice Ballots. “bUH yoodont UnDerStanhh hOw tHe sYstUM wOrK” posts to follow below: permalink PearlyGaits57 12 points 7 hours ago Paper ballots #2 pencil, done. Results by midnight. permalink lixa 4 points 6 hours ago Pencil? permalink Strzok 2 points 58 minutes ago Yeah should we tell him? Sounds like he's either voted electronically his while life, or still in school permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 8 points 8 hours ago Link https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115064705209848959 permalink Mkgoenti 7 points 7 hours ago End property taxes FLORIDA!!! permalink tuaris 6 points 7 hours ago Keep your guard up. Democrats already have other things in the works. They are pushing a rank choice voting initiative, and this is how they will win 2026 and 2028 permalink Justlooking250 2 points 5 hours ago What in the ever loving Marxist commie reality 1984 fuck is 'rank choice' voting ?? permalink tuaris 2 points 4 hours ago I shall direct you to a commie website to find out: https://fairvote.org/our-reforms/ranked-choice-voting/ permalink JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 6 hours ago Counter their counter even fucking harder. Go for the throat and let’s bury this Marxist fucking dem party once and for all. permalink VanDeKoik 6 points 6 hours ago Are the "this is all theater" whiners happy now? Fucking retards can never let anything just play out because anything longer than a tiktok video causes them to crash-out. permalink possibletower 2 points 3 hours ago BC they aren't MAGA permalink Methodmapper 5 points 7 hours ago Thought we were getting 10 seats? permalink uSpez 7 points 7 hours ago D’s lose 5, R’s gain 5. Net swing of 10 seats in favor of R’s. permalink possibletower 2 points 3 hours ago Best way to look at this permalink BOHICA2021 1 points 5 hours ago yeah, there was a lot of big talk about gaining 9-10 seats but the RINO's were to busy giving out hugs to the returning dem runaway's. permalink OnceADroplet 0 points 7 hours ago it's five seats but every congressman gets some aids in DC permalink UNfreeNewZealand 4 points 6 hours ago How many of you hear the Call to get involved in driving Paper Ballots? Start Your chain of contacting your elected representatives. Become the MAGA Muscle behind Your Man. 💪💪💪❤️ permalink Vallum 2 points 5 hours ago The snowball effect is lovely here. Save Texas, save the USA, save the West. Good luck! permalink Tookens 2 points 6 hours ago 100% right. permalink no-one 1 points 34 minutes ago While I'm not excited that the Republicans are now playing the game like the Democrats have for YEARS. You have to fight fire with fire. They changed/bent the rules and pushed it as far as it can go only to be hoisted by their own petard. The Democrats got lazy and greedy relying on cheating and rigging the process rather than attracting voters with Real Policies and compelling candidates. Republicans need to learn from their mistakes or they risk becoming them in 10 or 20 years with "safe" seats and a lock on power. But for now, it's game on to WIN. We need to CRUSH them, otherwise they'll just do it again. permalink darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 7 hours ago Nice permalink Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 7 hours ago 🍨Three scoops y'all! permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 14 minutes ago I swear to God, Texas. If you give us another Eye Patch McCaine we're gonna call you queers. permalink Araket -1 points 6 hours ago Big win? Are you guys freaking touched? The Dems just walked all over your shit, and nothing was done. No consequences, the exact problem that has led us to and is worsening our situation right at this very moment. Texes should be up the Reps ass to hold these shitbag dems to account, but you're cheering? Yay. Five fucking seats that we will be cheated out of by the exact people that got away again. Fuck people never learn until it's too late, and then learning doesn't mean shit as they are dragging out folks into the streets for some Bolshevik-style governance. permalink TOPDAWG23 3 points 6 hours ago K permalink VanDeKoik 2 points 6 hours ago They didn't shoot them! I was robbed of my entertainments!!!! Wah!!!!!!! permalink ThunderGatti -1 points 3 hours ago can he just EO voter ID, no mail voting, etc? Then we pick up dozens of seats, and actually make it all law before 2028 with our added MAGA lead permalink possibletower 2 points 3 hours ago Nope. Pesky little thing called states rights and the Constitution permalink MoreVanceMemes -2 points 7 hours ago If Republicans care about a strong 2nd amendment why did they take the hearing protection act out of the BBB? permalink NoStepNovember 1 points 7 hours ago So faggots like you can look a gift horse in the mouth. Give it time, little one. It will pass after it is presented again. permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 7 hours ago No it won’t. permalink NoStepNovember 5 points 7 hours ago Dooooom harder. Actually you know what, you are right. It's over, pack it up. Time to put your makeup on permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 7 hours ago They had the votes, why do you think they took it out? permalink view 3 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Because BBB was a reconciliation bill. Anything non-fiscal was stripped out so it could remain exempt from the Senate filibuster. permalink ShyRussian -10 points 7 hours ago Putin meeting was yet another distraction to coverup the Epst*in Files fiasco. permalink ShyRussian -10 points 7 hours ago Lapdog Vance keeps talking about the Ep***in files. Why is he disobeying his master? permalink 864 Big WIN for the Great State of Texas!!! TRUMP TRUTH posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 55 comments