110 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 2 hours ago by Drewniverse 14 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 22h BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.” 14 comments Deplorable556 14 points 2 hours ago 15 hours a week awww thats cute. i worked 15 hours on monday alone. im already at 42 hours for the week and its thursday morning. permalink Drewniverse OP 8 points 2 hours ago I just hit 38 because I'm about to get in the work truck and clocked in. Have a good day at work, pede. permalink RealmanPwns 8 points 2 hours ago #FakeAndStaged. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 3 points 28 minutes ago Maybe, but could still be the poster tiktok 'chile for welfare and its' original intention. permalink jonnyuno 1 points 5 minutes ago True but I don't see it as fake. Staged yes. But she's on our side and she's just role playing but actually exposing truth with the subtlety to mock liberals. My opinion. permalink Flubadub 3 points 28 minutes ago She has time and $$ to get tats tho permalink RealmanPwns 3 points 1 hour ago The maximum SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly known as EBT) benefit for a household of four (one adult with three children) in the 48 contiguous states and Washington, D.C., for the period of October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025, is $975 per month. This amount assumes the household has no net income after allowable deductions, as SNAP benefits are calculated by subtracting 30% of the household’s net income from the maximum allotment for their household size. permalink Drewniverse OP -1 points 1 hour ago Why are you spamming? permalink RealmanPwns 4 points 1 hour ago It's not spam. It disproves a claim made in the video. permalink tt777 1 points 1 hour ago $975 is a lot of food for 1 adult and 3 kids. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 1 hour ago Seven years on the dole and she's so ungrateful that she can't contribute 15 measley hours a week back to the society that's paid for her to live such a pathetic, unproductive, and worthless way of life! She even has the audacity to make a public video to complain about it! In a functional society this would be a comedy skit. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 9 minutes ago There is a whole industry with its own apps for faking community service. More lawyers doing law stuff which makes more money for lawyers and thieves. 99% of our "legal system" needs to be done by AI and 99% of the lawyers need to learn to... do something useful and productive as opposed to the self-serving and destructive BS it has been consumed with for a generation. permalink FuckU/Spez 1 points 6 minutes ago $2000 mothafukin dollars a month? This bitch needs to be investigated ASAP! This has fraud written all over it. Not hard to get job at McDs either. Cut her welfare now! permalink hazelknut 1 points 16 minutes ago when you realize there are millions upon millions of lazy shitstains around the country sucking at the govt. tit, it's easy to see why things have become so dark. permalink 110 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 2 hours ago by Drewniverse 14 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 22h BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.”