1223 $150 BILLION IN TARIFFS COLLECTED. THE USA IS STRONG AGAIN 💪🇺🇸 posted 16 hours ago by Envy4Trump 168 comments 168 comments explodejoystick 61 points 16 hours ago Only 37 trillion to go! permalink General_Grievance 32 points 16 hours ago Seriously, there's a gaping hole in the side of the ship and people are jerking themselves off because they bailed out a single bucket. permalink LolOkFBI 25 points 16 hours ago Something is better than nothing stop being gay he hasn't been in office for a year permalink General_Grievance 13 points 15 hours ago I'm literally just here to reality check everyone who's about to dislocate their shoulder from pating themselves on the back to hard. If I can do basic math, 150 billion is about 0.25% of 37 trillion. It's a start, sure, but it's barely a start. permalink LolOkFBI 15 points 15 hours ago Reality check? How about you reality check yourself and realize that for the entirety of America's history prior to this, nothing like this has happened, and this is the beginning of a new era. Trump has been in office 6 months. This is crazy gay of you bro. permalink view 1 more comments... ThreePasswordsLost 4 points 14 hours ago I guarantee you your life will improve when you start looking on the bright side of as many things as you can. I'm rooting for you. permalink view 1 more comments... EvilGreed209 4 points 15 hours ago like the 2 trillion Doge was gonna cut in spending that got chopped down to 9 billion LOL... These greedy dick suckers are a failure all around, boomers will destroy this country for another countries interest, in the last 6 years i seen Boomers fall on their sword for China and then Israel. Now theres nothing left for Americas future but poverty - Game OVER> permalink view 10 more comments... Kingoftheroad 2 points 13 hours ago Were in another battle on our own side that hardly gets any attention. People fighting so hard to live in their delusion, not realizing theyre the same thing as the people they hate on the other side for doing the same thing. Its incredible. They dont want to think they want to feel. And they will fight tooth and nail against you turning on their thought if it makes them question what they feel. permalink MemphisMontoya71 1 points 12 hours ago Its a rounding error. Fucking stupid people here with blinders on. permalink snoopy3210 1 points 15 hours ago He’s also an idiot, probably a gay idiot, because all the EU countries had a pause in tariffs until August. Now it was just determined to be 15%. So this revenue number will quickly grow. permalink Wexit-Delecto 14 points 16 hours ago Same with the deportation numbers. permalink DT170x 6 points 16 hours ago Did you factor in the Self Deportation then it might be right now 2M people already been Deported or self Deported. Hopefully when more government handouts get cut off. More of them will self deport. permalink Wexit-Delecto 7 points 15 hours ago I didn't, and here's hoping ALL the handouts are cut off and ALL of them go home. permalink BidenShowerDrool 2 points 15 hours ago have all the ritzy motel rooms in NYC been emptied of freeloading illegals at the taxpayer's expense? permalink DeportThemAllForever 2 points 14 hours ago We are starting somewhere. permalink Abovethefray 1 points 7 hours ago Hasn't Trump paid off the total debt yet? permalink yukondave 1 points 14 hours ago no they are jerking off because they built another pump from scratch and it is working better. PUmp been working for 3 months. We could use a half a trillion a year in the right direction permalink stillbringingitback 2 points 10 hours ago The direction of change is always more compelling than the current station. I’ll take it! permalink neveser 1 points 11 hours ago We shouldn't owe that money in the first place. The bank needs to be brought to it's knees. Take back all money stolen through usury and give it back to those from whom it was stolen. Make interest illegal and end all foreign influence in our economy at every level. In other words, throw the money changers out of the temple. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 27 points 16 hours ago ︎ The whole idea is to make stuff here again. ︎ If the import prices go up, there's new opportunities for the domestic market place to make America producers manufacture again. ︎ permalink EvilGreed209 7 points 15 hours ago Nobody moved jack shit back and none of those 100s of billions invested built jack shit in the last 7 months. It was all a lie get used to be lied to in the New World Order. permalink The_Emperor 2 points 6 hours ago It takes years to grow or substantially rebuild decimated industries. Tarrifs just started to settle in. I'd wager you will see the impact in about 12-15 months. permalink MySidesGoUp 0 points 3 hours ago We’re also not taking our selves seriously. Does India, Russia and China pay their women and minorities more than sovereign men? This is all a joke. America is a single mother yenta Jewish wet dream. Over 40% of this country “works” for govt. add them to the growing faction that isn’t working- Then you realize the threat is internal… permalink MAGA_Toaster -3 points 14 hours ago Dear Faggot, Go doompost on Reddit or X or TikTok or Millennialbook or wherever else you get your "original thoughts" from. This is not the forum for you to whine about 50 years of destruction taking more than 7 months to reverse. Wipe the tears from your eyes and read the forum rules if you're still confused. -A. Toaster permalink EvilGreed209 0 points 13 hours ago TF do 50 years of destruction have to do with Zero arrests you faggot?. I dont care about money as i have 3M's in my bank retirement and 2 homes work 2 million. i want to see some justice. permalink Oppenheimer_DOW 0 points 16 hours ago Also makes new facilities, infrastructure or upgrades more expensive to build 🤔 permalink SparkleMTN 3 points 15 hours ago and jobs. The jobs create supporting industry which then funnels more money back into the community. permalink reDB2020 2 points 15 hours ago Also providing more tax revenue which will add to the surplus and help pay down the national debt permalink IForgotToAddAnEmail 21 points 16 hours ago And so far, the average American isn't going to see this. IT's one thing if its tangible and noticable change but so far. Everyone claiming everything is coming down but other than gas dropping a little (from Biden Era) I'm not seeing very much change. I hear a lot of fucking talking about it. I get this needs to be done but when the hell does it affect Americans. Cause just telling me numbers doesn't fucking work. permalink yurimodin 17 points 16 hours ago ☝️Electric bills are still $600 thanks to kissing Ai's ass. permalink tuaris 4 points 15 hours ago What makes you think AI is causing your electric bill to be that high? My electric bill is high too, but I have a room full of computer and server systems running 24/7. permalink iamherefortheluls 2 points 9 hours ago because there have been a bunch of news stories about people finding out their states have sold out their electrical grid to data centers. Corrupt state reps give the companies sweet deals on pricing, defending this as creating jobs or raising tax revenue and than it turns out there are no jobs and the deals include minimal taxation and by the way, the state reps happen to own stocks in these same companies. Here is a youtube covering some of them https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJ2tqs_vksc permalink stargunner 1 points 15 hours ago AI needs massive computing power and data farms to be utilized. Those computers and datacenters require massive amounts of cooling, which requires a massive amount of electricity and water. permalink tuaris 1 points 14 hours ago Yeah I know, but what makes you believe that results in your electric bill going up? (don't say supply vs demand, because that's not how the power-grid works) permalink Johnkimble111 1 points 14 hours ago Buy solar and a Tesla powerwall and make/store your own electric permalink conservativefrank 2 points 13 hours ago You'll make back the investment in about 70 years, if you don't have to ever fix or replace anything. permalink Johnkimble111 1 points 10 hours ago Nope. Electricity prices will keep rising and the panels are dirt cheap now if you shop around. They never fail either, the only part that an have reliability issues is the inverter. Batteries can be cheap too, although it’s maybe worth paying more for once with sophisticated software, phone apps etc. Installers are making so much profit. If you can actually do the work yourself or know someone qualified than it’s a no brainer. Alternatively, find a small local installer who charges an honest price. If you don’t believe me than just search for the prices of the panels themselves. Unless they’ve been impacted by tariffs they’ll still be a bargain price permalink view 3 more comments... yurimodin 0 points 12 hours ago ☝️ permalink bidensmissingbrain 11 points 15 hours ago My clients expecting a 15-25% reduction in revenue in the upcoming fiscal year speaks a hell of lot louder to me about the state of the economy than some billion-level number sitting in the government piggy bank to be swiped by whatever bureaucrat. permalink movetofirefox 3 points 15 hours ago I work in a manufacturing business, I can tell you everyone is very tariff-conscious and a ton of manufacturing work in our supply chain is moving back to the USA. permalink conservativefrank 3 points 13 hours ago The average American is seeing higher prices. We're paying for the tariffs. permalink Litterboxer1 -2 points 15 hours ago It's cucks you like why we're in this situation in the first place. permalink Here_we_go 14 points 16 hours ago Anybodys gas jump .20 a gallon this week? Or is it just Pennsylvania? permalink Simple_Doot 10 points 16 hours ago Gas has been then same +/- 10 cents for a year. And everything else is actually more expensive. permalink DeportThemAllForever 3 points 14 hours ago Our gas has been up in ID permalink Corse46 8 points 16 hours ago NJ it did also. Like in one day permalink Here_we_go 7 points 16 hours ago Yep it was in one jump. permalink Kendoextendo 6 points 16 hours ago Same in Missouri. permalink ramennov 5 points 16 hours ago Yes. permalink starjello 2 points 15 hours ago Yep. Just got my electric bill this month and it spiked. All I have are lights and refrigerator and electric stove in my small apartment. No Air Conditioner or ceiling fans. permalink doomerglowie 13 points 15 hours ago Tomorrow: Congress announces 150 billion in aid to Israel permalink MajJamesMcFarlane 5 points 13 hours ago 150 billion? This is Congress we're talking about. More like 500 billion permalink EyesSewnShut 4 points 15 hours ago Lmao thanks for the laugh, I needed that. permalink EvilGreed209 9 points 15 hours ago 75% of that was U.S. Citizens paying an extra fee as the corporations didn't bring any manufacturing back to USA and the corporate borg also said fuck you put it on the taxpayer. /please clap?. And that chump change just means more money for defense contractors ZERO ever goes to paying down the debt that is millstoning the dollars ability to buy anything, a $100.00 bill feels like an Andrew Jackson bill.. permalink MemphisMontoya71 8 points 15 hours ago What a joke. A bunch of performative crap meant to satiate the dumb sheep with their cheer leading outfits on. permalink GA_Logic -5 points 15 hours ago USA making money from tariffs isn't performative at all that is real and tangible. permalink MemphisMontoya71 2 points 12 hours ago Its a rounding error, if you can do math, not hopium. permalink EvilGuy 2 points 9 hours ago Again we do not make money from tariffs. Or rather we do not collect money from other countries with tariffs. Lets give you an example: I am a China seller. You buy something from me that you need and no one else sells, I ship it to you, the US government charges you a percentage for not buying American when it clears customs. You pay the tax. No one in China is paying anything. The only reason countries hate tariffs is because it makes people buy less of their stuff by making it more expensive. If the US government charges a 100% tariff on that countries cars, you probably will decide to buy an American car instead. So again this is all paid by the consumer at the end of the day. I am not sure why people have such a hard time grasping how tariffs work. They are not a free money glitch that is going to pay off our debt. permalink GA_Logic -1 points 4 hours ago That is incorrect. Tarrifs are paid by other countries to do business with the US. If that cost is passed onto the customer that may or may not happen. But you all are presuming it is 100% certainty which is why you all can't admit you are wrong. permalink EvilGuy 1 points 3 hours ago How are tariffs paid in your looneytoons world? Do you think the US is billing China for stuff? What actually happens is it gets tacked on when it goes through customs. You buy something for 1000 dollars from China you get a bill for 300 bucks for the tariff that you have to pay before you will get your item. Seriously ill informed people like yourself are why politicians are the way they are. You think they should respect you when a 13 year old in middle school knows more about how this stuff works than you do? Do better. Read a book. permalink Carbum 7 points 15 hours ago I bet it all goes to Israel permalink GA_Logic -3 points 15 hours ago Israel is paying tariffs too as far as I know. permalink EvilGuy 2 points 9 hours ago This makes me think you do not understand tariffs. It's okay our school system and media are shit. If you buy something from Israel YOU might have to pay an additional tax on it but Israel isn't paying a damn thing. Tariffs are an incentive on YOU to buy American to avoid paying it. This $150 Billion is just a tax on Americans and American companies for buying foreign goods. Other countries don't like tariffs because it makes their stuff more expensive so they sell less of it. Not because they have to pay some fee to America. permalink GA_Logic 0 points 4 hours ago That is incorrect. Tariffs are an incentive to have things made in America by foreign countries as well as domestic. permalink EvilGuy 1 points 3 hours ago Go read a book or something. I gave you an exact definition and example of how a tariff works. You saying no it doesn't just makes you look stupid. Sorry not trying to be mean here but literally 5 minutes of research would show you that I am right and yet you posted like 10 times in this thread about something you cannot be bothered to actually learn something about. Priorities man. You want to make America great again? Work on yourself. Be smarter. Do the work. That's how we get there. permalink FreshMemes 6 points 16 hours ago $150B? Those are rookie numbers. You gotta pump that shit up. permalink RohdKill_2020 6 points 15 hours ago When is it gonna start getting passed down to the citizens? permalink EyesSewnShut 6 points 15 hours ago Never lol. permalink MisterMAGA 6 points 15 hours ago …collected from American business owners and reflected in higher prices, lower profits or both.” permalink For_All_Mankind 5 points 15 hours ago And we can’t get parts for things and everyone is raising prices. Woooo permalink DeportEveryIllegal 5 points 15 hours ago time to abolish the IRS, income tax, capital gains, and property tax? permalink Aurora84 5 points 16 hours ago How much of it goes into the pockets of the crooks we refer to as politicians? permalink yurimodin 5 points 16 hours ago All of it, plus another 40% they borrow from your unborn great grandchildren. permalink BannedAccount 1 points 16 hours ago Secretary of the treasury says tariff revenue will go towards paying down the national debt permalink HuntersCrackDealer69 5 points 16 hours ago It's never going to work. The Federal Reserve was designed to bankrupt this country. Fiat is just a scam. permalink GA_Logic 2 points 15 hours ago It is not just the Fed Reserve it is the IRS in combination. By having an ERS that takes away a lot of the power of the IRS. Next step is to have the American dollar return to a gold standard which ten bypasses the Fed Reserve. permalink LaterGator 5 points 15 hours ago That money comes from us. permalink GA_Logic -7 points 15 hours ago No not the tariffs. permalink starjello 4 points 14 hours ago Tariffs are passed on to the consumer. permalink GA_Logic -2 points 14 hours ago Not always. permalink EyesSewnShut 3 points 15 hours ago Depends if you're buying items overseas. permalink sir_rockness 5 points 15 hours ago Yay... that's like sending one nog back to Africa... when you have a couple million left in every city in the country... great work faggots PLEASE CLAP permalink PatriotRacer 4 points 16 hours ago …. And 75billion going Ukraine and 75 billion going to Israel - we get fucked, again permalink TerribleParable 4 points 15 hours ago So when are income taxes going away? permalink EyesSewnShut 3 points 14 hours ago Never lmao. I can't believe people actually thought that will ever be a reality. permalink TerribleParable 1 points 12 hours ago It has been reality before 1913, it can be again. Woe v Wade, Cafe standards, dred Scott decision...things can change with pressure permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Prandogolio 4 points 16 hours ago Getting there permalink stargunner 3 points 15 hours ago All the tariff money should go directly to companies who pledge to hire and build American. permalink MegoThor 3 points 13 hours ago END TAXES permalink elmerecido 3 points 16 hours ago It works, which is why the derpstate tried so hard to shit on the concept. permalink PresidentAutopen -1 points 15 hours ago And PDW. Weird! permalink TooHotToFrost 3 points 15 hours ago so that pays for 1/3 of what we've given to ukraine? permalink RocksCanOnlyWait 3 points 15 hours ago Hey, it's halfway to accounting for the increase to the military budget! Don't worry about the nearly $2 trillion a year the government overspends... permalink h203h 2 points 12 hours ago and everything is still fucking expensive and taxes are still high as fuck and property taxes still keeps going up. permalink MJPalazzolo 2 points 13 hours ago A long way to go before the IRS can be abolished, but a start. permalink InfinitesimalOrange 2 points 15 hours ago I'm not tired of winning but I am tired of hearing about all the ways we could have been winning but conveniently chose not to up until this point. permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 15 hours ago WE, didn't THEY, did. permalink InfinitesimalOrange 3 points 14 hours ago "We" referring to the government as a whole, then the Trump administration came in and fixed all the problems that should never have existed in the first place. I'm sick of hearing how thoroughly misappropriated every single aspect of society is and seeing how fucking trivial it actually is to fix it. There's so much winning to do and most of it is shit that shouldn't have become a problem to begin with. permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 7 hours ago No ,them, refferring to the gubmnt. permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 2 points 16 hours ago Just a tiny dent, considering we're trillions in debt. permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 2 points 14 hours ago cool can I stop paying social security now pls permalink TrumpIsTheVictor 2 points 12 hours ago What happens when Trump is out of office? How much of what he has done will actually remain? That is the problem. This country is comprised of retards. Nothing has been done about the STEAL. Gavin Newscum has a very high chance of becoming President. You mix in a rigged election with a retarded populace and 2028 is anybody's guess. Remember, Donald J Trump will not be on the ballot. permalink corntortilla 2 points 11 hours ago Woohoo! American consumers got to pay the govt $150b extra. permalink Just_trust_me_bro 2 points 12 hours ago More money for act blue to use for democratic processes permalink Bubbahax 2 points 12 hours ago Time to end the income tax. permalink SisterCovfefe 1 points 11 hours ago US collects trillions not billions in income tax. I don't anticipate that happening. permalink NoMoreShinesBilly 2 points 15 hours ago In addition, $17 trillion, so far, in investments in America - according to GEOTUS. permalink G-209 2 points 12 hours ago I’m total MaGA but I hear a lot of small business owners that are hurting and possibly going out of business due to the tariffs. The border is good now, let’s focus on the economy. Which is still quite bad, everyday Americans need help. So many tech giants have had record breaking years but are all firing people left and right. permalink irescreams 2 points 12 hours ago Okay so I guess we won't be collecting income taxes this year from American citizens. Abolish the IRS. permalink Midsouth 2 points 14 hours ago Not even enough to cover our freebie to Israel. Not impressed yet permalink 1DontTreadOnMe1 2 points 16 hours ago Rookie numbers! permalink EyesSewnShut 2 points 15 hours ago Okay and where did it go or get used for? permalink dr_gonzo 2 points 13 hours ago 150 billion? That's merely symbolic. It's literally not even a drop in the bucket when you need to somehow make up for 2.5 trillion in overspending every year. There is NO MATHEMATICAL WAY to fix this problem without cutting spending on social welfare and entitlement programs. Do you doubt it? Consider this. The government has 4.5 trillion in revenue for the year. This is a high level breakdown of what we currently spend: 1.2 trillion for Social Security 1.2 trillion for Medicare 1.2 trillion for welfare 700 billion for Medicaid 800 billion for defense 1.3 trillion on the interest payment on the national debt 300 billion misc like infrastructure, foreign aid etc So you tell me how we eliminate 2.5 trillion in spending without dramatically cutting gibsmedat programs when they alone eat up the entirety of what we have for revenue before a dime is spent on anything else? We're spending 6% of the entire global GDP on social welfare programs. That's INSANE. We desperately need the GOP to come around on this topic. This socialist bullshit is destroying our economy and the currency. permalink Hawk_tuah 1 points 1 hour ago The reality is we still need places like China and others because they have the labor force, infrastructure, and scale to produce thousands of products America currently has no equal for. Rebuilding that kind of capacity here would take decades and cost many times more, which would crush small businesses and price regular people out of the market. Tariffs alone don’t make us competitive overnight they just make everything more expensive while we wait for factories that don’t exist yet. Until we rebuild our own base, China remains our factory floor. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 1 points 16 hours ago I really hope the intention of tariffs isn't to negotiate, rather isolate. If we cut deals with people we hate and that hate us, it defeats the purpose. If people want to get fucked over and still hate us that's fine, but if we cut a deal just so there's some kind of deal it's really just a type of negotiable tax. I want fucking embargoes is what I expected out this all. permalink RockFlagAndEagle2020 1 points 16 hours ago We could cut our deficit so much faster if we just wait for it cut government spending. permalink GA_Logic 1 points 15 hours ago A very good starting point. permalink G-209 1 points 11 hours ago Looks like any messages slightly criticizing President Trump or his admin gets deleted . permalink ShitAss 1 points 14 hours ago Who gives a shit? permalink Dev404 1 points 15 hours ago Good, next on the list should be to investigate and imprison the MFers in Congress that put us into this debt to begin with. With these tariffs, they'll have even more money to launder and commit more acts of fraud and bribery at our expense if they're not dealt with. permalink I_Love_45-70_Gov 1 points 13 hours ago Zelenskyy salivating.exe permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 1 points 9 hours ago Liberals: "Is this inflation?" permalink neosin 1 points 15 hours ago Just $31 trillion in on the books debt, what me worry... permalink PearlyGaits57 3 points 15 hours ago What people tend to either not think about or, forget, all of this that is wrong happened over 60-70 years. It makes me laugh when I here or see people talking that the glass is half or less full. Trump or for that matter anyone in that office is not going to change that many years of corruption in 4 years. They need to do what they can in the limited amount if time they have. Then throw in the stalling and stupid judges and comfimation picks that have not happened yet, all slows it down. If you're looking for ovenight trasitions out of this crap, well, it just is not going to happen. All in good time my pretty. permalink GA_Logic -1 points 15 hours ago A lot of anxiety over seeing instant results but I remember that it took the 2nd year of Presdient Trumps first term to start to see the economic engine take off. I believe a repeat of that will occur in 2026 early on. Especially true when the new Fed chair cuts rates. permalink imminent_ban -3 points 16 hours ago Exporters lowered prices so that importers could absorb the tariff and not raise prices on the consumer. Imagine that. An opportunity for consumers to purchase products at a lower price pissed away so that FedGov can gobble up $$$. FedGov is an abomination. permalink Framus 5 points 16 hours ago But the opportunity wouldn't be there in the first place if not for the tariffs. It's not like they lowered prices before the tariffs. permalink texas4ever 4 points 16 hours ago This lowering of prices covering it all is simply untrue. permalink imminent_ban -3 points 16 hours ago Opportunity cost. Would you rather have a FedGov working to keep $$ in your pocket OR Would you rather have a FedGov working to put $$ in FedGov's pocket? Who exactly does FedGov represent? permalink unotrumpcard 3 points 16 hours ago It is not like the government gets that money, Trump has control of it and knows how to put it to good use. permalink imminent_ban 0 points 16 hours ago Trump is Government permalink view 2 more comments... texas4ever 1 points 16 hours ago I work in international trade, it's not really true. Exporters lowered a little, but not close to the 30-50% tariffs being charged in most cases. Prices are going up, Trump's other economic policies are helping to counteract some of the increases but overall this isn't the big win we think it is. If we were a lower cost country these blanket tariffs would work out better, but we are a high cost country. For the most part this is just another big tax on the American people. Trump has good intentions here, but this is not going to end well unless he moderates on the super high tariffs. permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 15 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink Lionheart509 1 points 15 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1223 $150 BILLION IN TARIFFS COLLECTED. THE USA IS STRONG AGAIN 💪🇺🇸 posted 16 hours ago by Envy4Trump 168 comments