187 JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." (everyday I love JD more and more) posted 33 minutes ago by grannylovestrump 9 comments CJ Pearson @thecjpearson • 12h JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." 9 comments Bullet3250 6 points 29 minutes ago It proves Gavin is a Sociopath. Beyond all doubt. permalink hellohellohellohell 2 points 10 minutes ago California Psycho "There is an idea of a Gavin Newsom, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there. It is hard for me to make sense on any given level. Myself is fabricated, an aberration. I am a noncontingent human being. My personality is sketchy and unformed, my heartlessness goes deep and is persistent. My conscience, my pity, my hopes disappeared a long time ago (probably at Harvard) if they ever did exist. There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it, I have now surpassed. I still, though, hold on to one single bleak truth: no one is safe, nothing is redeemed. Yet I am blameless. Each model of human behavior must be assumed to have some validity. Is evil something you are? Or is it something you do? My pain is constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this—and I have countless times, in just about every act I’ve committed—and coming face-to-face with these truths, there is no catharsis. I gain no deeper knowledge about myself, no new understanding can be extracted from my telling. There has been no reason for me to tell you any of this. This confession has meant nothing…." permalink RizzlieDoodad 3 points 29 minutes ago Ok that's a take, but he's still popular amongst Democrats permalink KGB82 3 points 25 minutes ago Law of 'Somethings got to give.' Dems look llike total dickwad losers and make it only easier for people to walk away. And he's right about Trump's authenticity.Because by mimicking authenticity, even if in mocking (which is only done because of the vacuum of their wit), they just seem all the more disingenuous and losing. permalink anotherthing 2 points 12 minutes ago He's popular amongst Democrats because all they have is shit. He's just the best floating turd in their punchbowl. permalink hazelknut 2 points 11 minutes ago Newscum is just throwing shit at the wall, hoping something sticks. permalink grannylovestrump OP 1 points 33 minutes ago https://x.com/thecjpearson/status/1958310870578340331 permalink Mulletgunning 0 points 17 minutes ago News um sucks! Don't get enamored by the Tech bro mafia Thiel protoge. Thiel is Palantir Intel asset faggot who is literally a faggot who believes in full authoritarian control with their data collection centers and AI bullshit plus surveillance state policies on top of trans humanist shit. Don Jr. was the one who got boondoggle by Tech bro mafia money . Better start paying attention to these tyrants surrounding GEOTUS. Bad enough he's got Israel first in his orbit non stop. Miller,Zeldin,or Gaetz would be better for MAGA POTUS . They are all about MAGA AF to the bone. permalink TheImpossible1 -3 points 20 minutes ago Vance is still Elon and Thiel's cock holster. permalink 187 JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." (everyday I love JD more and more) posted 33 minutes ago by grannylovestrump 9 comments CJ Pearson @thecjpearson • 12h JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is."