133 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 48 minutes ago by FuckAllDemocrats 14 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 11h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor. 14 comments MickHigan2 10 points 27 minutes ago Who pushed for them to be here? Who was behind the Hart Cellar act that enabled this? The Assyrians and Persians would send their people into their conquered lands in order to divide / conquer. Multiculturalism was the weapon of choice by our enemies. permalink Caliban 9 points 23 minutes ago I miss the good ole days when the cops would beat the shit out of all of them. permalink XlDEN 1 points 6 minutes ago They need to go back to good old-fashioned Irish cops who busted heads. They didn’t put up with the bs back then. permalink Trump454748 9 points 35 minutes ago Generally, I’m against police violence, but in this case, I’ll make an exception. permalink Another_ID 7 points 25 minutes ago That screaming is painful. Arm these guys with sound horns to blast back in their faces. permalink Trooph-Hurts 6 points 22 minutes ago That woman is so ugly. She should be careful who she calls a pig…… Arab women are almost more disgusting than black women permalink x79q3pb 1 points 3 minutes ago They suffer a similar predicament to latinas, either 9+ or less than 2 with very little in between. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 5 points 28 minutes ago She shouldn't be allowed to just scream right in that cops face like that. He looked like it was either getting to him, making him rethink his position or like he wanted to reach out and shut her up, hopefully the latter. This reminds me of a video posted here recently where a muslim woman had assaulted some guy then pretended he was "islamaphobic" and was trying to kill her. When it was clear she was lying and they had to arrest her for the assault she started calling the cops islamaphobic and saying how they're supposed to serve muslims because they're so beneath them. Found it: https://patriots.win/p/19BtGZqjB9/x/c/4eVLPhh2Iam?d=50 permalink davidac1982 5 points 22 minutes ago Who knows why Mamdani is letting an inbred Joe Camel be his intern? permalink South_Florida_Guy 4 points 22 minutes ago Always with that hideous inbred face permalink WarEagleMAGA 1 points 6 minutes ago True, Persian women can be quite beautiful. Arab women, not. permalink plasticglock 2 points 15 minutes ago I bet he wanted to stone her to death in the street. And here we are stopping him... permalink twentytwentyfourr 1 points 5 minutes ago where's her husband? permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 16 minutes ago "Put some piss on that name" permalink wonderfulusa 0 points 16 minutes ago Zohran Mamdani should send everyone of those police officers a bottle of wine and a nice Charcuterie Board for their discipline of NOT savagely beating the absolute fuck out of his vile female employee ( I can't call her a woman). permalink Whoopies_tds 2 points 6 minutes ago You know he sent her right? permalink Seeker_17 1 points 2 seconds ago You seem confused. Mandarin is a muzzie POS permalink 133 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 48 minutes ago by FuckAllDemocrats 14 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 11h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor.