1398 🚨 BREAKING: Bill Clinton Judge Richard Berman DENIES Trump administration's court filing to unseal Epstein grand jury transcripts and exhibits. posted 18 hours ago by Looniz74 PRO 132 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 18h 🚨 BREAKING: Bill Clinton Judge Richard Berman DENIES Trump administration's court filing to unseal Epstein grand jury transcripts and exhibits. Well would you look at that. 132 comments RandyQuaidsBeard 87 points 18 hours ago Oy vey! With that punum no need for early life check! permalink Donger-Lord 45 points 17 hours ago What a cohencidence. permalink snoopy3210 32 points 17 hours ago Bill admitted to go on the island : “only four times! “ permalink ParticleCannon 19 points 16 hours ago Yes but he didn't inhale permalink RStroud 6 points 15 hours ago Didn't have sex either, just third base: hand stuff and a blowie.... permalink view 1 more comments... RandyQuaidsBeard 14 points 16 hours ago "Cohencidence"?! Lol! I'm stealing that phrase 😆 permalink Donger-Lord 5 points 15 hours ago It’s okay I stole it from someone too. It’s okay to steal memes from frens. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 17 points 16 hours ago Why does a judge have authority over a President? Classify them based on national security interests, take them into government custody, then declassify them and disseminate to the public. Redact the names of the victims but NOT the customers. permalink PatriotLady1 6 points 15 hours ago WELL OF COURSE this NY judge DENIED THE UNSEALING of "Epstein grand jury transcripts and exhibits" (that would EXPOSE ALL THE CORRUPT PERVS in power) ... we didn't expect anything else... 81+ MILLION #47 voters HOPE POTUS #47 APPEALS THIS !!! permalink OldGamerGuy79 4 points 15 hours ago That was the appeal. The judge won’t release it because Ghislaine Maxwells attorney petitioned to keep them sealed because Ghislaine still hasn’t seen what’s in it permalink Tmntnyc 2 points 13 hours ago When court documents are sealed, they're sealed. That's what sealing means. Under extreme circumstances, you can petition the judge of the juristiction where the case was tried to have them unseal the documents but you need a good reason. A good reason would be to exonerate someone innocent who was found guilty for example, but new evidence reveals they were actually not guilty. What's the reason the Trump administration wants to unseal these documents? To go after political opponents? To exonerate Trump's presumed participation? Neither of those are good legal reasons to crack open sealed court records from a legal standpoint. permalink wmmiv2016v2 5 points 13 hours ago How about to punish child predators? permalink JR_Butterbean -1 points 12 hours ago Cool it with the antisemitism goyim permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 2 points 13 hours ago That’s not how the legal system or the classification system works. The classification system isn’t made to “classify” a crime. Trump’s only legal options if he really wants to get it out there are to appeal to a higher court that grants the request or to get Congress to pass some relevant legislation (and Congress has political reasons on both sides of the aisle to not let that happen). permalink Kingoftheroad 2 points 13 hours ago Cant let trump let up on this or say oh well we tried now. Tulsi will have access to the most comprehensive information in her position because it covers all intelligence gathered on the subject. Make this happen permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 15 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink Moebius 10 points 16 hours ago ...and here I thought the Dems were all about releasing the Epstein info. permalink aaafirefly123 1 points 9 hours ago While he has no early life section. Evidence seems to indicate Jewish decent. permalink DeaduponArousal 1 points 13 hours ago The matrix is glitching more and more frequently it seems. permalink -Evspra 59 points 17 hours ago Wait til you find out he was also VERY COINCIDENTALLY the judge involved in Epstein's case when Epstein "died"... In July 2019, Berman was assigned the case of financier Jeffrey Epstein who was charged with Sex Trafficking and Conspiracy to Commit Sex Trafficking. On July 18, 2019, Berman denied Epstein’s bail application, finding that he posed a danger to the community and that he was also a flight risk. On July 23, 2019, Epstein attempted suicide at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (“MCC”) and on August 10, 2019 he committed suicide at the MCC. On August 27, 2019, Berman conducted a public hearing on the government's motion to dismiss the case. Twenty-seven alleged victims, along with the government and defense counsel, participated at the hearing.[14] On August 29, 2019, Berman granted the motion to dismiss. permalink humble_kekistani 25 points 17 hours ago Who is in charge of assigning judges to cases? permalink Badfinz_FL 29 points 17 hours ago Supposed to be a lottery method permalink NomadicKrow2 33 points 17 hours ago Well, that's the most rigged lottery I've ever seen. permalink MegoThor 16 points 17 hours ago Is there any other kind? permalink EyesSewnShut 2 points 14 hours ago Only fools believe in lotteries. They're not random. They're all rigged. permalink Eatinglue 2 points 16 hours ago That’s not subject to corruption whatsoever. permalink schnazzmizzle 16 points 17 hours ago The local synagogue apparently. permalink KennyKetchem 9 points 16 hours ago Israel permalink trumpORbust 7 points 16 hours ago Hilary permalink Justlooking250 3 points 15 hours ago All of the above permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 1 points 14 hours ago You nose who permalink chahn1138 3 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink Grindelwald 35 points 18 hours ago Must have gone to Chelsea’s wedding and gotten a wedding gift himself. permalink THELEADERSOFMEN 7 points 16 hours ago He’s got a serious case of pedoface, with that little smile permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 14 hours ago Cool it with the antisemitism! permalink THELEADERSOFMEN 2 points 12 hours ago That’s really not what I meant, there’s a certain smarmy expression pedos seem to have, an uncanny valley faux sweetness permalink TheRedPilledArtist 23 points 17 hours ago NO MORE GAMES. Lock these fuckers up TODAY. permalink StoneRealist 8 points 17 hours ago How permalink chahn1138 9 points 17 hours ago Indeed. Better to just shoot them and leave them for the animals. permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 1 points 14 hours ago Who'd put you on trial for it? permalink chahn1138 1 points 12 hours ago Trial? permalink Sumar0ngi 1 points 14 hours ago If only Trump had authority over the justice department permalink StoneRealist 2 points 14 hours ago That's not how the government works. Trump is able to appoint the AG, set policy, and enforce current laws. Outside of that the DOJ works independently and does not(should not) take order from the President on who to prosecute. permalink Sumar0ngi 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink ModsAreCucked 1 points 15 hours ago This is standard operating procedure. You don’t just release confidential grand jury transcripts because a bunch of retards on the internet cried for them. In fact the Trump Admin likely knew these would be blocked, but tried to do it anyway just to get idiots to shut up. The Epstein Hoax is a schizophrenic nothingburger. Basically the new Russia Hoax. Come join us back in the real world and try fighting for a real cause. permalink Kingoftheroad 1 points 13 hours ago For a real cause? Exposing for the purpose of ending global sex trafficking rings of the elitist class in society with all the authority, involving the rape and maybe murder of minor boys and girls, is not a real cause? permalink krepoisbest 23 points 17 hours ago So he can just do that and thats it? permalink pray4peace4 16 points 17 hours ago I assume... since it was a federal case that it can go up the chain of appeals. permalink Justlooking250 4 points 15 hours ago (J)ust (D)o that permalink Krat 2 points 15 hours ago Didnt you know radical activist democrat judges rule this society permalink CovfefeVideo 16 points 17 hours ago I'm convinced there are at least two dozen Jamie Ratskin clones running around DC. permalink NADSAQ 8 points 16 hours ago The Boys from Brasil Israel permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 14 hours ago Something something genetic bottleneck permalink YodaBannon 12 points 17 hours ago what an odd thing to do... MAGA permalink SanityGumby 10 points 18 hours ago Sounds like someone needs to file an ethics complaint. He has a vested interest in those records not being unsealed. permalink Trumpwonbidencheated 8 points 17 hours ago Tell me Richard Berman has been to Epsteins island without saying Richard Berman has been to Epsteins island. permalink Illuminaughty 12 points 17 hours ago Even if he hasn’t the Clintons own him. He doesn’t want a gym accident. permalink Badfinz_FL 7 points 17 hours ago Just confirms bill was a regular client of Epstein permalink fightfightfightx 7 points 17 hours ago just do it anyway, fuck'em that is what they would do permalink Wildwind 6 points 17 hours ago That isnt a man. Its a pedo. permalink airborne3502 6 points 17 hours ago But every x post I read some Democrat is clamoring for them to release the Epstein files. Edit: multiple Democrats permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 5 points 18 hours ago RAPIST!!! permalink Looniz74 OP PRO 5 points 18 hours ago https://x.com/EricLDaugh/status/1958225148299169951 permalink chahn1138 3 points 17 hours ago Thank you permalink raptormissle 4 points 14 hours ago The vile pedo Democrats are trying so hard to protect the dissemination of these documents. I wonder why? permalink patriotplus 4 points 14 hours ago what happened to...RELEASE THE FILES, RELEASE THE FILES? must be some bad juju info on billy boy permalink chahn1138 4 points 17 hours ago No Zionist should be allowed to rule over such a case! He looks ready to flee to Israel too! permalink BasedMillennial 4 points 14 hours ago Jew permalink crowdcontrol 4 points 15 hours ago The DOJ already has a mountain of evidence, much more so than these transcripts. Grand jury testimony is very rarely unsealed and the DOJ know this already. The DOJ is also sandbagging the Oversight Committees' subpoena. This is all a distraction and the cover-up continues. permalink unotrumpcard 1 points 14 hours ago It is meant to galvanize supporters and shift blame. Pretty transparent but it is working as is evident from these comments. permalink cuqu2 0 points 13 hours ago this permalink BigBadMagaMan 4 points 17 hours ago Berman. Epstein. Interesting isn’t it? permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 1 points 14 hours ago Careful with that noticing, g0y permalink MeMargie 4 points 18 hours ago Do we have enough Alligators to feed? permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 4 points 17 hours ago He's probably in the files. permalink RedPillosopher1776 3 points 17 hours ago So we can assume this judge is on the list then, thats the new standard, if you obstruct disclosure then youre fucking guilty. This motherfucker needs to be called a pedophile everywhere he goes. permalink kornesque 3 points 17 hours ago This is my surprised face. That Dick is a dick. permalink SCP0073 3 points 17 hours ago One would wonder why? permalink Corse46 3 points 17 hours ago I feel like this is the 3rd time I've read this headline in the last few weeks? permalink Pwrxs 3 points 17 hours ago Another Cohencidence permalink Forty_Five 3 points 15 hours ago Democrats need to think really long and hard and ask themselves... What possible reason would a liberal judge have to protect pedophiles? permalink EADReddit 2 points 15 hours ago Berman....Epstein.....I wish we could find a common denominator permalink spezisacuckold 2 points 17 hours ago Everybody here should really know that the Trump Administration was fully aware this would be the outcome before they ever filed to unseal the transcripts. It was performative bullshit. permalink here2red 2 points 18 hours ago oh well we tried permalink BrewSwillis 2 points 11 hours ago When President Trump was calling it a democrat hoax, this is what he was taking about. They won't let him release it, and then the democrats will say that he's afraid to release it, because he's probably in it. permalink RusherOfDin 2 points 16 hours ago They'll just ignore this and say it's all Trump covering for Epstein permalink friedchicken 2 points 17 hours ago I have a feeling this was a predetermined conclusion; this will get bounced around like this until nothing happens. permalink oilybohunkofshit 2 points 15 hours ago Then just do it anyway. Who gives a fuck. Stop hiding. permalink BBvarn 2 points 16 hours ago This means there are many democrats in addition to Bill Clintoon that partied at Epstein's island. permalink Squentin 2 points 15 hours ago They almost had DRumpf this time....it not for those Clinton and Obama judges..... permalink FUCK_TYLER 2 points 12 hours ago Can we get the hacker known as 4chan to unseal these documents? permalink Kiwipede22 2 points 15 hours ago This is a false flag. Pay for play Pam Blondie does not want to release the files…. Clearly someone has paid a lot for that…. Watch Viva Frei Sunday show and he explains why this is not a thing. I can’t quite remember the legalities. permalink MythArcana 2 points 17 hours ago Gosh, I can't imagine why he did that. permalink PM-Melania-feet-pics 1 points 14 hours ago Nobody nose permalink Thops 2 points 16 hours ago Grow some balls and just Fuckn release it. What’s the fag judge going to do about it? permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 17 hours ago The plot thickens. permalink Aristurtle 2 points 17 hours ago The judge says the government has more on epsteins than him and it would be logical for the government to release what they have instead of hearsay grand jury evidence… he also says the government saying they would release epstein files means it should be them not him. Politicization permalink cherbui 2 points 15 hours ago another terrorist judge permalink freebirdie 1 points 15 hours ago Noooooo, reeeeeeeaaaalllyyyy? 🙄 permalink Eatinglue 1 points 16 hours ago Who’s the pedo now, Reddit? permalink FreshMemes 1 points 16 hours ago Color me surprised. permalink Jappletime 1 points 16 hours ago Don’t worry we will override this judge. permalink rapskull 1 points 17 hours ago The proof is in the pudding. Now keep that Ghislane locked up. permalink BamPondi 1 points 15 hours ago There's absolutely NOTHING in these transcripts and the Judge said himself that Trump has the power to release all the evidence if he wanted to. permalink ShitFromShinola 1 points 16 hours ago So what? Trump has the full authority to declassify and release all of the FBI investigative files and interviews with witnesses and victims . The only problem is that he is still refusing to do so. Why is he protecting diddlers??? permalink Choppermagic 1 points 16 hours ago Just leak it anyway. Who is going to do anything? permalink LlamasRevenge2004 1 points 12 hours ago Serious question.. is Trump installing his own "judges" to do this same type of thing down the road if there's ever a president trying to do things we don't like? Maybe I wasn't paying attention before but I don't ever recall hearing about these kinds of judges having more power than the president. permalink Texasnumber1 2 points 11 hours ago You hit the nail on the head you weren't paying attention before all this takes time did not happen overnight permalink cuqu2 1 points 13 hours ago This is being spun. The judge is basically saying this is only .07% of the 100k docs at DOJ....release those instead of some bullshit transcript permalink KarenLukasik 1 points 16 hours ago so what can he do if congress releases information? permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 14 hours ago Lmfao fell for it again award! 😂🤣😂 permalink blueballs43 1 points 9 hours ago JUST GOES TO SUPREMES permalink BoomShtick 1 points 16 hours ago Looks like a Epstein relative permalink thebeercules 1 points 7 hours ago If they release the files before midterms than democrats can't use it as a talking point :P permalink brewser724 1 points 10 hours ago Why are we capitulating to these cum-rags? permalink Justlooking250 1 points 15 hours ago Eastern Standard Time ⌚️ permalink Wupta PRO 1 points 16 hours ago Ignore these fucks and release them anyway. There Soros not be secrets in our government. permalink schnazzmizzle 1 points 17 hours ago Another NYC Jewish lawyer, who could've guessed? permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 16 hours ago And just like that the libs will stop wanting the files released permalink GoodvsEvil2 1 points 12 hours ago zogger permalink 45-MAGANUM 1 points 17 hours ago Balls in their court and they fumbled. permalink Klaus73 1 points 16 hours ago Yeah. Pity with all the lawyers at the DOJ they didn't see that coming eh? Not that it would matter as it contains nothing folks demanding the files actually wants...but at least it made for a nice illusion that they are not trying to bury this 6ft deep. permalink PureBloodPurePatriot 0 points 17 hours ago ‘Berman.’ Well, would you look at THAT. Christians have no clue what I’m talking about. permalink Psarg 0 points 12 hours ago Bondi knew this would happen and wants to act like she's trying. permalink conservativefrank 0 points 16 hours ago Leftists, and many of them right here, will now say, "Why doesn't Trump want this information released?" permalink Grizaje 0 points 17 hours ago so now they got a scapegoat to steer the masses to blame... "hey we wanted to release the files but the Judge ruled it down, out of our hands now, please forget about this." permalink liberalshitlord 0 points 16 hours ago Two moar weeks! permalink Donnie_Bro 0 points 16 hours ago Oh well we tried! Are we really still talking about this Epstein guy? C’mon man! permalink SCHULTZ -1 points 17 hours ago Trump plays games, they bring a gun, trump carries his slingshot. permalink TooHotToFrost -1 points 17 hours ago Trump will not fight this. He wanted this. permalink Thebigone123 -1 points 17 hours ago Still waiting for Bondi to release the files that were on her desk. permalink zestyFish9 0 points 16 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink 1398 🚨 BREAKING: Bill Clinton Judge Richard Berman DENIES Trump administration's court filing to unseal Epstein grand jury transcripts and exhibits. posted 18 hours ago by Looniz74 PRO 132 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 18h 🚨 BREAKING: Bill Clinton Judge Richard Berman DENIES Trump administration's court filing to unseal Epstein grand jury transcripts and exhibits. Well would you look at that.