147 Great Britain. Keep Fighting! The white and red flag of England is St. George's Cross. St. George was a Christian saint, a warrior and crusader and the patron saint of England. Stand up England. Take your country back. (youtube.com) posted 6 hours ago by CasuallyObservant 8 comments 8 comments GuidedDisinfo 8 points 5 hours ago Looks like red paint is about to be reclassified as a terrorism weapon in the UK. permalink bigdickhangsright 1 points 5 hours ago Too late because the UK police, government, and NGOs facilitating this invasion are the terrorists and should be dealt with accordingly. permalink TwoArizonaPedes 7 points 5 hours ago The standard version of his legend says that a terrible dragon lived near the city of Selem in Libya. To appease it, the inhabitants offered it two sheep a day and later a sheep and a child drawn by lot. One day the king's daughter was chosen by lot and while she was on her way to the dragon's lair, St. George fought and pierced the dragon with his spear, killing it. Crusaders regarded the killing of the dragon as a symbol of the defeat of Islam. Richard I "the Lionheart" of England invoked St. George as the protector of all soldiers. King Edward III established the Order of the Knights of St. George. The legend of St. George reminds us that good triumphs over evil. The fight against evil is a constant battle we cannot win on our own. St. George was able to kill the dragon because God was acting in and through him. With Christ, evil will never have the last word. St. George is the patron saint of knights, soldiers, scouts, fencers and archers. Condensed from here . permalink CasuallyObservant OP 1 points 5 hours ago Excellent! Thanks for that added information. permalink CasuallyObservant OP 5 points 6 hours ago More videos of brave protesters painting the cross: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/cG9295bJprs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COewOHY9QNk&pp=ygUSc3QuIGdlb3JnZSdzIGNyb3Nz https://www.youtube.com/shorts/cG9295bJprs permalink DeplorableNeandertal 1 points 5 hours ago Going to take more than some flags permalink CasuallyObservant OP 6 points 5 hours ago Marking their territory. It's the first step. permalink Ronaldus -3 points 5 hours ago Crusaders weren't Christian. They were Roman Catholic. Christianity doesn't have exalted saints. permalink 147 Great Britain. Keep Fighting! The white and red flag of England is St. George's Cross. St. George was a Christian saint, a warrior and crusader and the patron saint of England. Stand up England. Take your country back. (youtube.com) posted 6 hours ago by CasuallyObservant 8 comments