462 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by FreeFire 27 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com 27 comments asdrubael_was_right 24 points 2 hours ago Holy cats this guy better not eat lunch in any DC parks. permalink whataboob 5 points 1 hour ago TLDR: the 14th amendment exempts diplomats. The judge ruled according to the 14th. The article sounds like bs. ———————— What’s everyone talking about? I don’t know what that article says but if he ruled that “children of foreign diplomats are not automatically citizens,” then he ruled according to the 14th amendment . The 14th amendment specifically exempts foreign dignitaries, like diplomats. It’s right there, in the text: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States … And SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION THEREOF — diplomats are NOT subject to US jurisdiction and laws, that’s why they can literally kill someone and they can’t be charged with murder, because again, they are not subject to our jurisdiction and laws. That’s what a diplomat is, in case someone didn’t know. Their children, are likewise, NOT subject to our jurisdiction and our laws and can always literally “get away with murder” (but not really “murder” because “murder” is a legal finding in the course of due process that a person killed someone for no good reason, a good reason being for example, self defense — so if they were not found to have murdered someone, then they didn’t murder anyone, though they may have killed someone). permalink War_Hamster 8 points 59 minutes ago It was the Wong Kim Ark case of 1898 that established that children of foreign diplomats were not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" when it came to birthright citizenship. It was not until the Vienna Convention of Diplomatic Relations until 1961 that "diplomatic immunity" was established. The two issues often get convoluted because "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" is misinterpreted. If the US were to hold a draft, neither the child of a foreign diplomat nor the child of an illegal alien would be subject to the draft. Therefore neither is subject to the full jurisdiction of the US. In other words, birthright citizenship should be overturned. permalink Gotmygoose 4 points 36 minutes ago Here's a more recent case: Hoda Muthana is a U.S.-born woman who left Alabama in 2014 to join ISIS in Syria at age 20. She was recruited to join to the Islamic State. Though born in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1994, her father was a Yemeni diplomat at the time, which disqualified her from birthright citizenship under U.S. law. She married three jihadist fighters, was widowed twice, and had a son while living in ISIS-controlled territory. She posted extremist content, including calls for violence, though later claimed she was manipulated and regretted her actions. In 2019, a federal judge ruled she was not a U.S. citizen. The Supreme Court declined to hear her appeal in 2022. She remains in a refugee camp in Syria, expressing a desire to return to the U.S. and face legal consequences permalink Liberty49220 1 points 12 minutes ago The plaintiff in that case was sympathetic. As I recall, Kim's parents were Chinese but living in the United States legally when Kim was born. Kim was denied reentery after visiting his relatives in China during a wave of anti-Chinese bias. The old maxim is true, hard cases make bad law. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 1 hour ago See also: lethal weapon 2 permalink Trooph-Hurts 10 points 2 hours ago What a setup! Diplomats children not citizens, I love it…. permalink BewareOfThePug 12 points 2 hours ago Trump classifies all non citizens to be diplomats for their home country. permalink Trooph-Hurts 7 points 2 hours ago Interesting thought! Don’t diplomats have immunity? But if they are diplomats and here illegally wouldn’t that also make them spies? permalink whataboob -4 points 1 hour ago F facepalm. That’s what the 14th already says, holy f this site All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States Diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws so their children do not automatically become citizens. But you won’t win that argument in court on regular illegals, because they ARE subject to our laws by having crossed the border. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 8 points 2 hours ago He must have just accidentally checked the wrong box when he was filling out the paper! /s permalink whataboob 2 points 1 hour ago He did his job. That’s what the 14th says, diplomats are exempt, nothing new except another fake news bs article All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States… For the record, if you didn’t know, foreign diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 56 minutes ago Yes I'm aware of that, the article even quotes that argument: In 2018, the government reviewed its records and found that Moncada’s father served as an attaché, not a consul, when Moncada was born. Unlike a consul, an attaché and his family possess full diplomatic immunity. So, the government now asserted, Moncada was not born “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States. Therefore, he was not a birthright citizen. The joke was that most dems would either reject that or simply not understand it. /s is meant to signal that the previous statement was simply sarcasm, aka a joke. permalink Klown_Kutz 6 points 2 hours ago This is going to be an even bigger case for our nation than Dobbs when it finally reaches SCOTUS. It's going to come down to Barrett and Roberts. A woman and a Bush Neocon. permalink jughaid 6 points 2 hours ago This is a very narrow case, but at least they acknowledged "and subject to the jurisdiction thereof"... The interpretation of those 6 words will be the bigger battle in the near future. permalink Drewniverse 2 points 1 hour ago I like this interpretation of it as well. One of the few underlying judicial foundations that we have. permalink whataboob -1 points 1 hour ago That interpretation says that “anchor babies” are indeed American citizens, if someone didn’t pick up on that. permalink pizz11 1 points 1 hour ago Anchor babies perhaps, but illegals not. Also, if it's accepted that anchor babies are citizens laws can be created to prevent them eg include pregnancy on medical reports submitted for visas permalink America_No_1 1 points 32 minutes ago He was only loyal until the last USAID payment stopped permalink FreeFire OP 1 points 2 hours ago https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/08/biden-appointed-judge-shockingly-rules-against-birthright-citizenship/ permalink PatriotGames 1 points 51 minutes ago That is not a shocking ruling. permalink orange_popcicle 1 points 2 hours ago Actual news, from Gateway Pundit?! That's nearly just as shocking, imo. permalink MrGrayson 1 points 2 hours ago You got that right. 99% of the stories on there are not news, they are just stories! permalink whataboob 0 points 1 hour ago It’s not news. The 14th already exempts diplomats. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States… permalink Petiteputnam1 1 points 40 minutes ago We'll take the wins we're we can get them let's see what the supreme court says though permalink Lol_Garrus 1 points 35 minutes ago Wow, this will really address all the diplomats having kids in our country! /s permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 2 hours ago Jim Hoft is a pedo permalink 462 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by FreeFire 27 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com