889 Liberal media rages at arrest of 'family man' in DC—turns out he's an illegal Invader wanted for child sex assault (thepostmillennial.com) posted 8 hours ago by Sea_Still 47 comments BREAKING: Liberal media rages at arrest of ‘family man’ in DC—turns out he’s an illegal immigrant wanted for child sex assault “This illegal alien from Mexico was previously arrested in January 2024 in Fairfax County for aggravated sexual assault of a child under 13.” thepostmillennial.com 47 comments tpactionchasethevote 39 points 8 hours ago The one and only time the liberals care about "family" and "dads." LOL. permalink Get_Off_Big_Tech 8 points 7 hours ago Trump's 4D chess game is so good, he made liberals care about family. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 7 points 7 hours ago He was arrested in 2024 for assault on a child under 13, is illegal alien, but was let go?! May that judge or DA or whoever let him out suffer a horrible fate. permalink WarriorRock 3 points 3 hours ago It happened in fairfax co. Va...a liberal cesspool permalink WhitePowerRanger 3 points 6 hours ago Thank God we caught him before he could strike again at least permalink swarleybing 29 points 8 hours ago Maryland Dad 2.0 permalink mass55th 23 points 8 hours ago From a search I found he's been in this country three times illegally and had a final order for removal. Hasta la vista baby!! permalink Filo76 19 points 8 hours ago Amazing how consistently wrong the media is about these diverse, cultural enrichers. permalink crimsonfancy 9 points 7 hours ago They try to capitalize on events and get ahead of the truth. They know right and wrong but do not care whatsoever. Theyre mistaken on purpose and hope to be the first to signal virtue and create buzz before the truth emerges. If there were accountability for fake news, might could change. On the contrary, they see rewards. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 11 points 8 hours ago Why was a child rapist driving around the National Mall, which is where thousands of school children visit? permalink Zskills 10 points 8 hours ago Why is any child rapist still breathing? permalink Get_Off_Big_Tech 2 points 7 hours ago I think you just answered your own question. permalink HoganT 8 points 8 hours ago Why was he not convicted and in jail? permalink PapaPepe 11 points 8 hours ago You spelled woodchipper wrong. permalink HoganT -1 points 8 hours ago If we don’t even have enough evidence to keep prosecutors from dropping charges as grievous as that, we don’t really have grounds for extrajudicial murder in a cruel and unusual fashion. permalink Hanging_Chad 0 points 8 hours ago anal rape by a tranny, until the brink of death. then firing squad? permalink HoganT 2 points 8 hours ago How about we actually legally charge, prove, and convict people of crimes before embracing cruel and unusual punishments. permalink view 2 more comments... mass55th 3 points 8 hours ago One post said via a search said that those charges had been dropped, but that unverified. There is an active final order of removal on him after coming here illegally three times. permalink HoganT -1 points 8 hours ago but that unverified Well he wasn’t convicted and in prison, so it’s pretty clearly verified. There is an active final order of removal on him after coming here illegally three times. No argument there. Deport him. But don’t claim someone is “wanted for child sexual assault” when they’re not, just because we feel we’re arguing from a weak position with bad optics. permalink deleted -1 points 8 hours ago HoganT 1 points 8 hours ago He was, isn’t a contraction, fren. permalink view 1 more comments... ColonelKlink 6 points 8 hours ago More like family destroying demon. They need to be fast tracked to the afterlife. permalink PoshityLifeOfTrump 6 points 8 hours ago They can be family man and dads in their own country. Popping out a kid doesn't give you entitlement to be here above anyone else permalink Wallllllllllllllllll 5 points 7 hours ago They use the term "family man" to garner your sympathy. Meanwhile, they actually want to destroy the nuclear family. You don't hate them enough. permalink asdrubael_was_right 4 points 8 hours ago Mexicans fuck their daughters. It’s why every Latina calls her boyfriend papi. Part of their culture. permalink Pissonit 3 points 8 hours ago Keep after it boys only about 40-50 million to go! permalink OnceADroplet 2 points 8 hours ago All that things that make us laugh and cry! 👀 permalink behemoth887 2 points 8 hours ago imagine how embarrassed and ashamed libs are gonna be when they find that out. oh wait lol. permalink DJT4MoreYears 2 points 7 hours ago What ICE needs to do is have huge signs put up on all of their vehicles that tell the crimes of the illegals that they're currently going after. (Maybe have a stiff poster-board attached to a strong magnet so it can be attached to the top of their vehicles) "Jose Ramirez - Convicted of raping and murdering a 7 year old girl. He is currently roaming in your neighborhood. ICE is here to arrest this murderer." Etc. So when all of these stupid protesters start calling ICE Nazis and fascists...and scream, "Why are you kid-napping brown people?" ..etc. They will look very foolish when everyone's videoing these arrest and these idiots are protesting the arrest of child rapist/murders. Basically show everyone how evil and monstrous these paid protesters are. permalink InfinitesimalOrange 2 points 7 hours ago At this point I can't even devils advocate anyone still in the democrat party, you're either completely braindead or 150 year old social security recipient. permalink Snek_Plissken 1 points 7 hours ago I had someone today saying the crazy leftists were the far leftists and not the norm. You, now you have “far” leftists. There is no distinction in the votes on the left. Even if you don’t dress like a crazy person you vote for the same things. permalink rambler045 2 points 8 hours ago And of course the left reflexively jumped to him defense and look like assholes now the truth is out. As many times as that has happened, you would think these retards would wait just a bit, but no, they want to parade their moral superiority. permalink BasedCostanza91 2 points 8 hours ago The DHS tweeted a Uber Chad meme to follow this. permalink Agent_Orange 2 points 7 hours ago How can Lefties be so wrong, so often? Every single time, they jump the gun in defense of really bad people. Is their hate for Trump that bad, or are they just that naive/stupid? permalink HillaryRodhamCunton 2 points 7 hours ago Countless pedophile illegals in Wyandotte county, KS jail. Even one named Jesus for crying out loud. Pathetic. It's really fuckin time to start cleaning house. permalink cherbui 1 points 7 hours ago Media .. defender of rapist, child molesters , and murderers... that should be their slogan .. as they see to fucking defend criminals w/o thinking why their fucking criminals in the first place. permalink cbonez416 1 points 2 hours ago Cut his balls off and return him to his country!! They will thank us for the removal!! permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 27 minutes ago So, he’s a Democrat and here to vote Blue no matter who. permalink ThunderGatti 1 points 7 hours ago Understand that eventually one of these scenes will just be a "family man", and your only response should be, "was he illegal". You can't become soft if you want to save this country permalink pixiepepe 1 points 7 hours ago Now, they REALLY support him. permalink YodaBannon 1 points 8 hours ago honk permalink Raizen7 1 points 47 minutes ago what a family guy permalink SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 7 hours ago Foreigners need to face a federal death penalty for rape, murder of Americans or offenses against children. permalink ShyRussian -2 points 7 hours ago RELEASE THE EPS***N FILES! permalink 889 Liberal media rages at arrest of 'family man' in DC—turns out he's an illegal Invader wanted for child sex assault (thepostmillennial.com) posted 8 hours ago by Sea_Still 47 comments BREAKING: Liberal media rages at arrest of ‘family man’ in DC—turns out he’s an illegal immigrant wanted for child sex assault “This illegal alien from Mexico was previously arrested in January 2024 in Fairfax County for aggravated sexual assault of a child under 13.” thepostmillennial.com