Featured Content EXPLAINER How will Trump’s semiconductor tariffs affect the global chip industry? The US president has threatened to impose a tariff of up to 300 percent on imports of semiconductors. Trump to raise steel and aluminium tariffs on hundreds of goods Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Trump administration threatens to cut New York transit funds over safety EXPLAINER How will Trump’s semiconductor tariffs affect the global chip industry? The US president has threatened to impose a tariff of up to 300 percent on imports of semiconductors. Trump to raise steel and aluminium tariffs on hundreds of goods Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Trump administration threatens to cut New York transit funds over safety Photos: Entire church moved in Sweden’s Kiruna city for mine expansion The relocation of the 113-year-old church is part of a 30-year project to move about 3,000 homes in the city. This gallery article has 7 images 7 UK agrees to drop mandate for Apple ‘back door’, US spy chief says Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard says change upholds privacy of US users. MSNBC reveals new name as part of corporate divorce from NBC The US TV network has also been building its own news division separate from NBC News. Air Canada CEO says ‘amazed’ striking workers are disregarding work order A leader for the striking union says he would risk jail time rather than allow crew to be forced back to work. EXPLAINER Republicans say price report is a boon; Democrats say bust. Who’s right? Republicans highlight the positives, Democrats the negatives in latest US CPI report; experts say the data is mixed. Air Canada flight attendants to continue strike despite government order Workers at Canada’s flagship carrier defy back-to-work order as they stage first strike in 40 years. EXPLAINER Can Putin sway Trump with economic offers in Alaska? Putin will hope to appeal to Trump’s business instincts by discussing economic ties alongside the future of Ukraine. EXPLAINER Why is South Africa’s army chief under fire for backing Iran? General Rudzani Maphwanya’s comments in Iran come as South Africa is trying to negotiate tariff relief with Trump. US government in talks to take stake in Intel: Report Talks for an undisclosed stake come days after President Donald Trump called for Intel’s CEO to resign. ‘Going to be good for 90 years’: Trump defends record on Social Security To mark Social Security’s 90th anniversary, the US president pledged to ‘defend’ the programme, despite criticisms.