39 Updates Auto-updates 3m ago (12:45 GMT) Germany slams ‘escalation’ of Israel’s Gaza military operation The German government says it “rejects the escalation” of Israel’s campaign in Gaza after Israel approved a plan to conquer Gaza City and authorised calling up about 60,000 reservists. Germany finds it “increasingly difficult to understand how these actions will lead to the freeing of all the hostages, or to a ceasefire”, government spokesman Steffen Meyer told reporters. 18m ago (12:30 GMT) Israel’s civil administration approves major West Bank settlement project Guy Yifrach, the mayor of the illegal Israeli settlement of Maale Adumim, has said in a statement that the civil administration approved the planning for the construction of the illegal E1 settlement. Israeli authorities are moving forward with plans to dramatically expand illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank , despite growing international condemnation and warnings that the move would destroy already moribund prospects for a two-state solution. The planned settlement, which was shelved for years amid opposition from the United States and European allies, would comprise more than 3,400 homes for Israeli settlers on Palestinian-owned land that experts say is vital for any future territorially contiguous Palestinian state in the West Bank. Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich said the development was being revived as a response to plans by other countries to recognise a Palestinian state. 28m ago (12:20 GMT) 3 killed in Israeli drone attack on tent in Khan Younis Three Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli drone attack on a tent in southern Gaza, sources at the Nasser Medical Complex have told our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. The tent in Khan Younis was housing people displaced by the war, the sources said. Advertisement 33m ago (12:15 GMT) Israeli opposition leader slams government after 60,000 reservists called up Yair Lapid has criticised the government’s decision to call up 60,000 reservists for Israel’s planned assault on Gaza City. “60,000 reserve orders were issued this morning to realise the delusion of conquering Gaza,” the opposition leader wrote on X. Earlier, Israeli Defence Minister Israel Katz approved the military’s plan to seize Gaza City and authorised the mobilisation of the reservists. 48m ago (12:00 GMT) Five bodies recovered after Israeli strike on tent in northern Gaza: Civil defence Gaza’s civil defence says its crews have recovered five bodies and rescued three injured people from an Israeli air attack on a tent in northern Gaza. In a statement, it said the tent on a beach in northern Gaza had been targeted at dawn. 1h ago (11:45 GMT) ‘Severe fuel crisis’ compromising response of emergency and rescue services in Gaza Gaza’s civil defence has said it received only a tenth of the 15,000 litres (3,962 gallons) of fuel it required at the beginning of the month, compromising its ability to respond to emergency and rescue situations. In a statement, the organisation said that the “severe fuel crisis” had left it facing shortages of diesel and petrol to operate its vehicles, as well as rescue equipment and machinery. “Many times, our vehicles have stopped on the way to missions, some due to fuel shortages and others due to a lack of spare parts for maintenance,” the statement said. “We face major humanitarian challenges amid the ongoing threats of an escalation in the Israeli war of extermination.” 1h ago (11:30 GMT) ‘Full dismantling of civilian life’ unfolding in Israeli assault on Gaza City Tareq Abu Azzoum Reporting from Deir el-Balah, Gaza Neighbourhoods in Gaza City are coming under some of the fiercest Israeli attacks we have seen in recent weeks. What is taking place is the full destruction of residential homes, the decimation of infrastructure, a full dismantling of civilian life. What is so alarming is that Israel is encroaching its tanks into the beating heart of Gaza, not just the areas near the borders. People have been repeatedly told by the Israeli military to flee – but this time, not to the western end of Gaza City but to the southern part of the Gaza Strip, which has also been heavily bombarded in the last few hours. Despite this, a large portion of the population is still in Gaza City – they are refusing to leave their homes and communities. 1h ago (11:15 GMT) Italian coaches association calls for ban on Israel from international football An association of Italian football coaches has written to the Italian Football Federation, calling for Israel to be suspended from international competition over its actions in Gaza. The letter from the Italian Football Coaches Association, posted to its website on Tuesday, urged world football to take action in solidarity with Palestinians by banning Israeli teams from tournaments. “The values of humanity, which underpin those of sport, require us to oppose acts of oppression with terrible consequences,” said association chair Renzo Ulivieri. The ban was not “just a symbolic gesture, but a necessary choice that responds to a moral imperative, shared by the entire leadership” of the association, said the statement. The letter comes weeks before Italy is scheduled to play Israel in World Cup qualifying matches in September and October. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (11:00 GMT) Civil Defence reports dozens of rescue missions across Gaza Crews working with Gaza’s Civil Defence responded to 33 missions in the last 24 hours, including ambulance transfers, rescues and the recovery of people killed in Israeli attacks. In the north, three patients were taken to the Sheikh Radwan health centre, while two people were killed and four were wounded near Halimah al-Saadiyah School in Jabalia, the rescue service said on Telegram. Another strike on a tent sheltering displaced people in the northern camp killed five and injured three. In Gaza City, Civil Defence reported one person killed in a strike on the Awqaf building on al-Basatin Street. Five people were evacuated and two wounded after the bombing of the al-Masri family home in the Sabra neighbourhood. In central Gaza, crews extinguished a fire in a tent near al-Sawarah School in Nuseirat. One person was killed and four wounded when the Darwish family home near the al-Sawarah cemetery was struck, while three patients were transferred to al-Aqsa and al-Awda hospitals. In Khan Younis, two patients were transferred to the American and Jordanian field hospitals, and one person was injured in a strike near al-Shafi’i Mosque. In Rafah, one person injured by gunfire was taken to the Red Cross Field Hospital, another killed was transferred to Nasser Hospital, and one wounded was taken to the British field hospital. Four additional patients were transported to the Red Cross and Kuwaiti field hospitals. Advertisement 1h ago (10:55 GMT) Gaza death toll rises At least 56 Palestinians, including 22 aid seekers, have been killed and 185 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Two bodies were also recovered from the rubble of previous Israeli attacks, the ministry said on Telegram. In the same period, at least three people have starved to death in the territory, bringing the total count of hunger-related deaths to 269, including 112 children, the ministry said. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed 62,122 Palestinians and injured 156,758 since October 7, 2023, the ministry added. The total number of aid seekers killed since May 27, when Israel introduced a new aid distribution mechanism through the US-based GHF, has reached 2,018, with more than 14,947 injured, the statement said. 1h ago (10:50 GMT) Israeli military claims 10 Palestinian fighters killed in Khan Younis The Israeli army says its troops killed about 10 Palestinian fighters in “face-to-face combat” in the Khan Younis area of southern Gaza. In a statement, the military said more than 15 fighters attacked with machinegun fire and antitank weapons, with some infiltrating a defensive position of the Nahshon Battalion of the Kfir Brigade. It said its forces repelled the attack in close-quarters combat, with the support of air strikes, and that the battle is still ongoing. The army added that one soldier from the 90th Battalion of the Kfir Brigade was seriously injured in the fighting, and two others sustained light injuries. Earlier, Hamas’s Qassam Brigades claimed its fighters killed and wounded Israeli soldiers in a raid southeast of Khan Younis. 2h ago (10:45 GMT) Former Palestinian national basketball star killed while seeking aid: Report Mohammed Shaalan, a prominent former Palestinian national basketball player, has been shot dead by Israeli forces at an aid distribution point in southern Gaza, according to the Wafa news agency. The report said that the 40-year-old was shot in the governorate of Khan Younis on Tuesday while desperately trying to access food and medicine to help his daughter Mariam, who is suffering from kidney failure. 2h ago (10:30 GMT) Palestinian Foreign Ministry condemns Netanyahu’s linking of Palestinian state recognition to anti-Semitism The Palestinian Foreign Ministry has condemned what it described as an “unjustified” attack by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on French President Emmanuel Macron and Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese. In a statement, the ministry said: “Linking the recognition of the State of Palestine with anti-Semitism and interference in the internal affairs of the two countries is unjustified, hostile to peace, and contrary to the international consensus on the two-state solution principle.” It said Netanyahu’s comments were part of a recurring effort to equate criticism of Israel’s occupation with anti-Semitism. “This is a worn-out and exposed tactic that deceives no one,” the statement read. The remarks came after Netanyahu sent a letter accusing Macron of spurring “the anti-Semitic fire” in France by planning to recognise Palestinian statehood, and claiming that Albanese had “abandoned Australian Jews”. The Palestinian ministry urged governments to “confront this Israeli arrogance that is hostile to peace and political solutions” and called for swift recognition of the State of Palestine “to protect the two-state solution and defend international law”. 2h ago (10:20 GMT) Israeli military says soldier severely wounded in southern Gaza The Israeli army has just issued a statement, saying a soldier from the 90th Battalion of the Kfir Brigade was “severely injured” during fighting in southern Gaza. The military said the soldier was evacuated to hospital for treatment and that his family has been notified. Earlier, Hamas’s Qassam Brigades claimed its fighters killed and wounded Israeli soldiers in a raid southeast of Khan Younis, but it remains unclear whether the reports refer to the same incident. 2h ago (10:15 GMT) ‘A blood sport’: Israeli soldiers ‘gamifying’ Gaza war, observers say Simon Speakman Cordall The Israeli military, which styles itself as the “most moral army in the world”, may be routinely committing war crimes, according to analysts in Israel and doctors who have worked in Gaza. While killings, beatings and the arbitrary arrest of Palestinians are not new to the Israeli army, a long process of dehumanisation, the infiltration of far-right ideologies in the army and a lack of accountability have led to a scenario where Israeli soldiers can do as they please without even needing an operational reason, analysts said. “As far as I can see, this is a new phenomenon,” Erella Grassiani of the University of Amsterdam, who has written on what she referred to as the moral “numbing” of Israeli soldiers during the second Intifada of 2000. “It’s not as if Israeli soldiers haven’t beaten and arrested children for throwing stones before, but this is new,” she said. “Previously, there were some kind of rules of engagement, even if they were loosely followed, but they were there. What we’re seeing now is completely different,” she said. Read more here . 2h ago (10:05 GMT) Hamas says Israeli soldiers killed in Khan Younis raid Hamas’s armed wing, the Qassam Brigades, says its forces raided a newly established Israeli military position southeast of Khan Younis in southern Gaza. In a statement, the group said its fighters “eliminated a number of occupation soldiers” inside houses at close range with light weapons and grenades. It also claimed a sniper “fatally wounded” the commander of a Merkava 4 tank, and that a suicide bomber detonated explosives among Israeli troops as reinforcements arrived, “killing and wounding” soldiers. The Qassam Brigades said the raid involved mortar fire, antitank shells and explosives, and that the attack lasted several hours before its fighters withdrew. The group did not provide a specific number of soldiers killed or wounded. 2h ago (10:00 GMT) Israeli settlers storm Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in occupied East Jerusalem Israeli settlers have stormed the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in occupied East Jerusalem, according to the Wafa news agency. Dozens of settlers entered the complex under the protection of Israeli forces and prayed there, in an act of provocation, the agency reported, citing local sources. Under a longstanding agreement, Jews are allowed to visit the compound but are prohibited from praying there. But Israeli settlers have frequently breached this agreement in recent times, with explicit encouragement from far-right figures including Israeli National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, who has repeatedly made provocative visits to the compound. 3h ago (09:45 GMT) About 60,000 reserve orders issued, 20,000 extended: Israeli army The Israeli military says it has issued 60,000 new reserve orders this morning as part of preparations for the occupation of Gaza City. “In addition, 20,000 reservists who have already been called up will receive a notice extending their current orders,” its statement said on Telegram. “The decision regarding the reserves was made after in-depth discussions on the extent of manpower required for the continuation of combat and was approved by the Minister of Defense after all implications were presented to him,” it added. The army also issued an update on the ongoing operations, saying its soldiers have resumed assaults in the Jabalia area in northern Gaza and on the outskirts of Gaza City in the past few days. Our team on the ground says hundreds of residential buildings have been destroyed in the area, turning the territory into “wasteland”. “We have testimonies from people that Israel is destroying tower blocks there, ensuring that these areas will turn into lifeless wasteland that will be uninhabitable,” Al Jazeera’s Tareq Abu Azzoum reported from central Gaza’s Deir el-Balah. 3h ago (09:30 GMT) Ben-Gvir shares footage of photos of devastated Gaza displayed in Israeli jail Israel’s far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir has posted footage from inside an Israeli jail of images of the destruction in Gaza put on display to taunt Palestinian prisoners. The footage, posted on Ben-Gvir’s Telegram page and verified by Al Jazeera’s Sanad fact-checking agency, shows the Israeli minister, flanked by officials, pointing to a large, black-and-white photograph of a scene of devastation in Gaza. “In the prisons, they put pictures of the destroyed Gaza … so they know that the Israeli people are not to be underestimated,” Ben-Gvir says in the video. “This is what they see in the morning, if they look,” he says, referring to Palestinian prisoners held in the jail. 3h ago (09:15 GMT) Death toll in Gaza since dawn rises to 35 At least 35 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces in Gaza since dawn, according to medical sources speaking to our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. Among the victims were 10 aid seekers who were shot in central and southern Gaza, the sources said. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies 39 Updates Auto-updates 3m ago (12:45 GMT) Germany slams ‘escalation’ of Israel’s Gaza military operation The German government says it “rejects the escalation” of Israel’s campaign in Gaza after Israel approved a plan to conquer Gaza City and authorised calling up about 60,000 reservists. Germany finds it “increasingly difficult to understand how these actions will lead to the freeing of all the hostages, or to a ceasefire”, government spokesman Steffen Meyer told reporters. 18m ago (12:30 GMT) Israel’s civil administration approves major West Bank settlement project Guy Yifrach, the mayor of the illegal Israeli settlement of Maale Adumim, has said in a statement that the civil administration approved the planning for the construction of the illegal E1 settlement. Israeli authorities are moving forward with plans to dramatically expand illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank , despite growing international condemnation and warnings that the move would destroy already moribund prospects for a two-state solution. The planned settlement, which was shelved for years amid opposition from the United States and European allies, would comprise more than 3,400 homes for Israeli settlers on Palestinian-owned land that experts say is vital for any future territorially contiguous Palestinian state in the West Bank. Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich said the development was being revived as a response to plans by other countries to recognise a Palestinian state. 28m ago (12:20 GMT) 3 killed in Israeli drone attack on tent in Khan Younis Three Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli drone attack on a tent in southern Gaza, sources at the Nasser Medical Complex have told our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. The tent in Khan Younis was housing people displaced by the war, the sources said. Advertisement 33m ago (12:15 GMT) Israeli opposition leader slams government after 60,000 reservists called up Yair Lapid has criticised the government’s decision to call up 60,000 reservists for Israel’s planned assault on Gaza City. “60,000 reserve orders were issued this morning to realise the delusion of conquering Gaza,” the opposition leader wrote on X. Earlier, Israeli Defence Minister Israel Katz approved the military’s plan to seize Gaza City and authorised the mobilisation of the reservists. 48m ago (12:00 GMT) Five bodies recovered after Israeli strike on tent in northern Gaza: Civil defence Gaza’s civil defence says its crews have recovered five bodies and rescued three injured people from an Israeli air attack on a tent in northern Gaza. In a statement, it said the tent on a beach in northern Gaza had been targeted at dawn. 1h ago (11:45 GMT) ‘Severe fuel crisis’ compromising response of emergency and rescue services in Gaza Gaza’s civil defence has said it received only a tenth of the 15,000 litres (3,962 gallons) of fuel it required at the beginning of the month, compromising its ability to respond to emergency and rescue situations. In a statement, the organisation said that the “severe fuel crisis” had left it facing shortages of diesel and petrol to operate its vehicles, as well as rescue equipment and machinery. “Many times, our vehicles have stopped on the way to missions, some due to fuel shortages and others due to a lack of spare parts for maintenance,” the statement said. “We face major humanitarian challenges amid the ongoing threats of an escalation in the Israeli war of extermination.” 1h ago (11:30 GMT) ‘Full dismantling of civilian life’ unfolding in Israeli assault on Gaza City Tareq Abu Azzoum Reporting from Deir el-Balah, Gaza Neighbourhoods in Gaza City are coming under some of the fiercest Israeli attacks we have seen in recent weeks. What is taking place is the full destruction of residential homes, the decimation of infrastructure, a full dismantling of civilian life. What is so alarming is that Israel is encroaching its tanks into the beating heart of Gaza, not just the areas near the borders. People have been repeatedly told by the Israeli military to flee – but this time, not to the western end of Gaza City but to the southern part of the Gaza Strip, which has also been heavily bombarded in the last few hours. Despite this, a large portion of the population is still in Gaza City – they are refusing to leave their homes and communities. 1h ago (11:15 GMT) Italian coaches association calls for ban on Israel from international football An association of Italian football coaches has written to the Italian Football Federation, calling for Israel to be suspended from international competition over its actions in Gaza. The letter from the Italian Football Coaches Association, posted to its website on Tuesday, urged world football to take action in solidarity with Palestinians by banning Israeli teams from tournaments. “The values of humanity, which underpin those of sport, require us to oppose acts of oppression with terrible consequences,” said association chair Renzo Ulivieri. The ban was not “just a symbolic gesture, but a necessary choice that responds to a moral imperative, shared by the entire leadership” of the association, said the statement. The letter comes weeks before Italy is scheduled to play Israel in World Cup qualifying matches in September and October. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (11:00 GMT) Civil Defence reports dozens of rescue missions across Gaza Crews working with Gaza’s Civil Defence responded to 33 missions in the last 24 hours, including ambulance transfers, rescues and the recovery of people killed in Israeli attacks. In the north, three patients were taken to the Sheikh Radwan health centre, while two people were killed and four were wounded near Halimah al-Saadiyah School in Jabalia, the rescue service said on Telegram. Another strike on a tent sheltering displaced people in the northern camp killed five and injured three. In Gaza City, Civil Defence reported one person killed in a strike on the Awqaf building on al-Basatin Street. Five people were evacuated and two wounded after the bombing of the al-Masri family home in the Sabra neighbourhood. In central Gaza, crews extinguished a fire in a tent near al-Sawarah School in Nuseirat. One person was killed and four wounded when the Darwish family home near the al-Sawarah cemetery was struck, while three patients were transferred to al-Aqsa and al-Awda hospitals. In Khan Younis, two patients were transferred to the American and Jordanian field hospitals, and one person was injured in a strike near al-Shafi’i Mosque. In Rafah, one person injured by gunfire was taken to the Red Cross Field Hospital, another killed was transferred to Nasser Hospital, and one wounded was taken to the British field hospital. Four additional patients were transported to the Red Cross and Kuwaiti field hospitals. Advertisement 1h ago (10:55 GMT) Gaza death toll rises At least 56 Palestinians, including 22 aid seekers, have been killed and 185 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Two bodies were also recovered from the rubble of previous Israeli attacks, the ministry said on Telegram. In the same period, at least three people have starved to death in the territory, bringing the total count of hunger-related deaths to 269, including 112 children, the ministry said. Israel’s war on Gaza has killed 62,122 Palestinians and injured 156,758 since October 7, 2023, the ministry added. The total number of aid seekers killed since May 27, when Israel introduced a new aid distribution mechanism through the US-based GHF, has reached 2,018, with more than 14,947 injured, the statement said. 1h ago (10:50 GMT) Israeli military claims 10 Palestinian fighters killed in Khan Younis The Israeli army says its troops killed about 10 Palestinian fighters in “face-to-face combat” in the Khan Younis area of southern Gaza. In a statement, the military said more than 15 fighters attacked with machinegun fire and antitank weapons, with some infiltrating a defensive position of the Nahshon Battalion of the Kfir Brigade. It said its forces repelled the attack in close-quarters combat, with the support of air strikes, and that the battle is still ongoing. The army added that one soldier from the 90th Battalion of the Kfir Brigade was seriously injured in the fighting, and two others sustained light injuries. Earlier, Hamas’s Qassam Brigades claimed its fighters killed and wounded Israeli soldiers in a raid southeast of Khan Younis. 2h ago (10:45 GMT) Former Palestinian national basketball star killed while seeking aid: Report Mohammed Shaalan, a prominent former Palestinian national basketball player, has been shot dead by Israeli forces at an aid distribution point in southern Gaza, according to the Wafa news agency. The report said that the 40-year-old was shot in the governorate of Khan Younis on Tuesday while desperately trying to access food and medicine to help his daughter Mariam, who is suffering from kidney failure. 2h ago (10:30 GMT) Palestinian Foreign Ministry condemns Netanyahu’s linking of Palestinian state recognition to anti-Semitism The Palestinian Foreign Ministry has condemned what it described as an “unjustified” attack by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on French President Emmanuel Macron and Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese. In a statement, the ministry said: “Linking the recognition of the State of Palestine with anti-Semitism and interference in the internal affairs of the two countries is unjustified, hostile to peace, and contrary to the international consensus on the two-state solution principle.” It said Netanyahu’s comments were part of a recurring effort to equate criticism of Israel’s occupation with anti-Semitism. “This is a worn-out and exposed tactic that deceives no one,” the statement read. The remarks came after Netanyahu sent a letter accusing Macron of spurring “the anti-Semitic fire” in France by planning to recognise Palestinian statehood, and claiming that Albanese had “abandoned Australian Jews”. The Palestinian ministry urged governments to “confront this Israeli arrogance that is hostile to peace and political solutions” and called for swift recognition of the State of Palestine “to protect the two-state solution and defend international law”. 2h ago (10:20 GMT) Israeli military says soldier severely wounded in southern Gaza The Israeli army has just issued a statement, saying a soldier from the 90th Battalion of the Kfir Brigade was “severely injured” during fighting in southern Gaza. The military said the soldier was evacuated to hospital for treatment and that his family has been notified. Earlier, Hamas’s Qassam Brigades claimed its fighters killed and wounded Israeli soldiers in a raid southeast of Khan Younis, but it remains unclear whether the reports refer to the same incident. 2h ago (10:15 GMT) ‘A blood sport’: Israeli soldiers ‘gamifying’ Gaza war, observers say Simon Speakman Cordall The Israeli military, which styles itself as the “most moral army in the world”, may be routinely committing war crimes, according to analysts in Israel and doctors who have worked in Gaza. While killings, beatings and the arbitrary arrest of Palestinians are not new to the Israeli army, a long process of dehumanisation, the infiltration of far-right ideologies in the army and a lack of accountability have led to a scenario where Israeli soldiers can do as they please without even needing an operational reason, analysts said. “As far as I can see, this is a new phenomenon,” Erella Grassiani of the University of Amsterdam, who has written on what she referred to as the moral “numbing” of Israeli soldiers during the second Intifada of 2000. “It’s not as if Israeli soldiers haven’t beaten and arrested children for throwing stones before, but this is new,” she said. “Previously, there were some kind of rules of engagement, even if they were loosely followed, but they were there. What we’re seeing now is completely different,” she said. Read more here . 2h ago (10:05 GMT) Hamas says Israeli soldiers killed in Khan Younis raid Hamas’s armed wing, the Qassam Brigades, says its forces raided a newly established Israeli military position southeast of Khan Younis in southern Gaza. In a statement, the group said its fighters “eliminated a number of occupation soldiers” inside houses at close range with light weapons and grenades. It also claimed a sniper “fatally wounded” the commander of a Merkava 4 tank, and that a suicide bomber detonated explosives among Israeli troops as reinforcements arrived, “killing and wounding” soldiers. The Qassam Brigades said the raid involved mortar fire, antitank shells and explosives, and that the attack lasted several hours before its fighters withdrew. The group did not provide a specific number of soldiers killed or wounded. 2h ago (10:00 GMT) Israeli settlers storm Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in occupied East Jerusalem Israeli settlers have stormed the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in occupied East Jerusalem, according to the Wafa news agency. Dozens of settlers entered the complex under the protection of Israeli forces and prayed there, in an act of provocation, the agency reported, citing local sources. Under a longstanding agreement, Jews are allowed to visit the compound but are prohibited from praying there. But Israeli settlers have frequently breached this agreement in recent times, with explicit encouragement from far-right figures including Israeli National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, who has repeatedly made provocative visits to the compound. 3h ago (09:45 GMT) About 60,000 reserve orders issued, 20,000 extended: Israeli army The Israeli military says it has issued 60,000 new reserve orders this morning as part of preparations for the occupation of Gaza City. “In addition, 20,000 reservists who have already been called up will receive a notice extending their current orders,” its statement said on Telegram. “The decision regarding the reserves was made after in-depth discussions on the extent of manpower required for the continuation of combat and was approved by the Minister of Defense after all implications were presented to him,” it added. The army also issued an update on the ongoing operations, saying its soldiers have resumed assaults in the Jabalia area in northern Gaza and on the outskirts of Gaza City in the past few days. Our team on the ground says hundreds of residential buildings have been destroyed in the area, turning the territory into “wasteland”. “We have testimonies from people that Israel is destroying tower blocks there, ensuring that these areas will turn into lifeless wasteland that will be uninhabitable,” Al Jazeera’s Tareq Abu Azzoum reported from central Gaza’s Deir el-Balah. 3h ago (09:30 GMT) Ben-Gvir shares footage of photos of devastated Gaza displayed in Israeli jail Israel’s far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir has posted footage from inside an Israeli jail of images of the destruction in Gaza put on display to taunt Palestinian prisoners. The footage, posted on Ben-Gvir’s Telegram page and verified by Al Jazeera’s Sanad fact-checking agency, shows the Israeli minister, flanked by officials, pointing to a large, black-and-white photograph of a scene of devastation in Gaza. “In the prisons, they put pictures of the destroyed Gaza … so they know that the Israeli people are not to be underestimated,” Ben-Gvir says in the video. “This is what they see in the morning, if they look,” he says, referring to Palestinian prisoners held in the jail. 3h ago (09:15 GMT) Death toll in Gaza since dawn rises to 35 At least 35 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces in Gaza since dawn, according to medical sources speaking to our colleagues at Al Jazeera Arabic. Among the victims were 10 aid seekers who were shot in central and southern Gaza, the sources said. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies