Featured Content Afghanistan bus crash death toll rises to 79, including 19 children A passenger bus carrying Afghan returnees from Iran struck a motorcycle and a fuel truck, triggering a huge fire. Is Ukraine closer to peace after Trump’s meetings with Zelenskyy, Putin? Photos: Senegal’s ‘schools for husbands’ aim to shift gender roles This gallery article has 7 images 7 Israel to call up 60,000 reservists in plan to expand war, seize Gaza City Isak slams Newcastle in boost to Liverpool hopes of signing Swede EXPLAINER Hurricanes explained: How they form and differ from cyclones and typhoons Brazil keeper Fabio breaks Shilton’s world record for most games What is Israel’s ‘most moral army in the world’ doing in Gaza? Member of Irish rap band Kneecap appears at UK court on ‘terrorism’ charge Afghanistan bus crash death toll rises to 79, including 19 children A passenger bus carrying Afghan returnees from Iran struck a motorcycle and a fuel truck, triggering a huge fire. Is Ukraine closer to peace after Trump’s meetings with Zelenskyy, Putin? Photos: Senegal’s ‘schools for husbands’ aim to shift gender roles This gallery article has 7 images 7 Israel to call up 60,000 reservists in plan to expand war, seize Gaza City Isak slams Newcastle in boost to Liverpool hopes of signing Swede EXPLAINER Hurricanes explained: How they form and differ from cyclones and typhoons Brazil keeper Fabio breaks Shilton’s world record for most games What is Israel’s ‘most moral army in the world’ doing in Gaza? Member of Irish rap band Kneecap appears at UK court on ‘terrorism’ charge As UN looks to Kenya, could new global hub deepen inequality in Nairobi? Kenyans veer between hope for prosperity and wariness as UN plans relocation of key offices from Western cities. Former NBA All-Star John Wall retires after 11 seasons Wall, the No 1 NBA draft pick in 2010, is best known for his spectacular point guard play with the Washington Wizards. EXPLAINER Why is the US sparing China, but not India, for importing Russian oil? Unequal treatment reflects a cold combination of political and economic calculations. Mo Salah wins record third PFA Player of the Year award The Liverpool star is the first three-time winner of the annual award, given to the best player in English football. Live updates Live updates, Three Palestinians starve to death as Israel steps up Gaza City assault Israeli captives’ families accuse the government of endangering their loved ones instead of approving the truce offer. EXPLAINER How will Trump’s semiconductor tariffs affect the global chip industry? The US president has threatened to impose a tariff of up to 300 percent on imports of semiconductors. Trump’s White House takes to TikTok as deadline looms to ban platform The new account comes as Trump has three times delayed implementing a ‘sell or ban’ law for the Chinese-owned app. China to unveil advanced weapons at huge military parade to mark WWII end Chinese military to showcase advanced fighter planes, missile systems on 80th anniversary of end of World War II. Why did Trump deploy the National Guard in Washington, DC? Trump deployed National Guard troops in Washington, DC, citing crime, even as city data shows rates have been falling. Mali’s former prime minister charged with embezzlement, remanded in custody Charges against Choguel Maiga comes as the military intensifies a crackdown on dissent in the West African country.