Published On 20 Aug 2025 20 Aug 2025 Save articles to read later and create your own reading list. The death toll from a bus crash in western Afghanistan has risen to 79, after two survivors died from their injuries, an interim Taliban administration official said. The incident occurred late on Tuesday in Herat province’s Guzara district, when a passenger bus carrying Afghan returnees from Iran struck a motorcycle and a fuel truck, triggering a huge fire. Recommended Stories list of 3 items list 1 of 3 Inside Iran’s crackdown on Afghan migrants after the war with Israel list 2 of 3 Why are Afghan refugees being sent back to Taliban rule? list 3 of 3 Iran tells millions of Afghans to leave or face arrest on day of deadline end of list At least 19 children were among those killed, Abdul Mateen Qani, spokesman for the interim Interior Ministry, told reporters in Kabul on Wednesday. Mohammad Janan Moqadas, chief physician at the military hospital, said many bodies were too badly burned to be identified. A journalist with the AFP news agency reported that cleanup crews were working on Wednesday to remove the burned-out bus and the twisted wreckage of the other vehicles. “There was a lot of fire… There was a lot of screaming, but we couldn’t even get within 50 metres to rescue anyone,” witness Akbar Tawakoli, 34, told AFP. “Only three people were saved from the bus. They were also on fire and their clothes were burned.” Abdullah, 25, another witness, told AFP, “I was very saddened that most of the passengers on the bus were children and women.” The bus was transporting Afghans recently expelled from Iran to the capital, Kabul, provincial spokesman Mohammad Yousuf Saeedi said. The central government has ordered an investigation. “It is with deep sorrow that we mourn the loss of numerous Afghan lives and the injuries sustained in a tragic bus collision and subsequent fire in Herat province last night,” it said in a statement. Advertisement More than 1.5 million Afghans have returned from Iran and Pakistan this year alone, according to the United Nations migration agency, as both countries step up deportations after decades of hosting Afghan refugees. Many arrive with little means and face dire conditions in a country battling poverty and mass unemployment. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA The state-run Bakhtar News Agency described the incident as one of Afghanistan’s deadliest accidents in recent years. In December 2023, two separate bus crashes involving tankers killed 52 people, while in March 2024, another 20 died in a collision in Helmand province. In late 2022, a tanker overturned in the Salang Pass, igniting a fire that killed 31. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies list 1 of 3 Inside Iran’s crackdown on Afghan migrants after the war with Israel list 2 of 3 Why are Afghan refugees being sent back to Taliban rule? list 3 of 3 Iran tells millions of Afghans to leave or face arrest on day of deadline