Arch Manning insisted on Tuesday that his grandfather Archie apologized to him over speculation that he'd leave the Longhorns soon. See all topics Email Link Copied! Austin, TX AP — There’s so much speculation about Texas quarterback Arch Manning’s future , in the media and even within his own family, that it can be hard for him to keep up. On Tuesday, Manning insisted he’s not plotting out how long he’ll stay at Texas or when he’ll enter the NFL draft, despite his grandfather’s recent prediction to Texas Monthly magazine that he’ll be with the Longhorns through the 2026 season. “I don’t know where he got that from,” Arch Manning said in his first meeting with reporters since SEC media days in mid-July. “He texted me to apologize about that. I’m really just taking it day by day right now.” Ad Feedback Arch Manning has been careful while talking about his future as he leads the No. 1 Longhorns as the full-time starter after playing behind Quinn Ewers the past two seasons. Manning enters this season as the early favorite for the Heisman Trophy , has endorsement deals worth millions and comes from the most famous quarterbacking family in football. Grandfather Archie played in the NFL and uncles Peyton and Eli combined for four Super Bowl victories. Add that together and Arch Manning is shouldering the biggest spotlight of any player in the country. Texas opens the season August 30 at No. 3 Ohio State after losing to the Buckeyes in the national playoff semifinals last season. Manning is also very close to his grandfather, despite any confusion about whether he’s destined for one or two seasons as the Texas starter before heading to the NFL. Manning noted Tuesday how Archie is always giving him advice on how to avoid taking big hits to prolong his career. “Those hits add up,” Arch Manning said. “My grandfather, he’s hobbling around these days. He ends every call with ‘get down or get out of bounds.’” See all topics Email Link Copied! Arch Manning insisted on Tuesday that his grandfather Archie apologized to him over speculation that he'd leave the Longhorns soon. See all topics Email Link Copied! Austin, TX AP — There’s so much speculation about Texas quarterback Arch Manning’s future , in the media and even within his own family, that it can be hard for him to keep up. On Tuesday, Manning insisted he’s not plotting out how long he’ll stay at Texas or when he’ll enter the NFL draft, despite his grandfather’s recent prediction to Texas Monthly magazine that he’ll be with the Longhorns through the 2026 season. “I don’t know where he got that from,” Arch Manning said in his first meeting with reporters since SEC media days in mid-July. “He texted me to apologize about that. I’m really just taking it day by day right now.” Ad Feedback Arch Manning has been careful while talking about his future as he leads the No. 1 Longhorns as the full-time starter after playing behind Quinn Ewers the past two seasons. Manning enters this season as the early favorite for the Heisman Trophy , has endorsement deals worth millions and comes from the most famous quarterbacking family in football. Grandfather Archie played in the NFL and uncles Peyton and Eli combined for four Super Bowl victories. Add that together and Arch Manning is shouldering the biggest spotlight of any player in the country. Texas opens the season August 30 at No. 3 Ohio State after losing to the Buckeyes in the national playoff semifinals last season. Manning is also very close to his grandfather, despite any confusion about whether he’s destined for one or two seasons as the Texas starter before heading to the NFL. Manning noted Tuesday how Archie is always giving him advice on how to avoid taking big hits to prolong his career. “Those hits add up,” Arch Manning said. “My grandfather, he’s hobbling around these days. He ends every call with ‘get down or get out of bounds.’” See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! Austin, TX AP — There’s so much speculation about Texas quarterback Arch Manning’s future , in the media and even within his own family, that it can be hard for him to keep up. On Tuesday, Manning insisted he’s not plotting out how long he’ll stay at Texas or when he’ll enter the NFL draft, despite his grandfather’s recent prediction to Texas Monthly magazine that he’ll be with the Longhorns through the 2026 season. “I don’t know where he got that from,” Arch Manning said in his first meeting with reporters since SEC media days in mid-July. “He texted me to apologize about that. I’m really just taking it day by day right now.” Ad Feedback Arch Manning has been careful while talking about his future as he leads the No. 1 Longhorns as the full-time starter after playing behind Quinn Ewers the past two seasons. Manning enters this season as the early favorite for the Heisman Trophy , has endorsement deals worth millions and comes from the most famous quarterbacking family in football. Grandfather Archie played in the NFL and uncles Peyton and Eli combined for four Super Bowl victories. Add that together and Arch Manning is shouldering the biggest spotlight of any player in the country. Texas opens the season August 30 at No. 3 Ohio State after losing to the Buckeyes in the national playoff semifinals last season. Manning is also very close to his grandfather, despite any confusion about whether he’s destined for one or two seasons as the Texas starter before heading to the NFL. Manning noted Tuesday how Archie is always giving him advice on how to avoid taking big hits to prolong his career. “Those hits add up,” Arch Manning said. “My grandfather, he’s hobbling around these days. He ends every call with ‘get down or get out of bounds.’” Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .