This undated trial evidence image obtained December 8, 2021, from the US District Court for the Southern District of New York shows British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell and US financier Jeffrey Epstein. See all topics Email Link Copied! The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform intends to make public some files it subpoenaed related to the Jeffrey Epstein case, though it will first redact them to shield victims’ IDs and other sensitive matters, a committee spokesperson said Tuesday. The panel is expected to start receiving materials from the Justice Department on Friday, though it appears the public release will come some time after that. The spokesperson said the committee would work with the Justice Department on the process. “The Committee intends to make the records public after thorough review to ensure all victims’ identification and child sexual abuse material are redacted. The Committee will also consult with the DOJ to ensure any documents released do not negatively impact ongoing criminal cases and investigations,” the spokesperson said. Ad Feedback Democrats on the committee complained that Comer was slow walking the release of the material by allowing the Justice Department to miss the Tuesday deadline that had been set by the panel and instead turn over the materials to the committee gradually over time starting Friday. They said DOJ had already been directed by the House subpoena to redact material related to victims’ identities and child sexual abuse – questioning the need for further delay to do so. “Releasing the Epstein files in batches just continues this White House cover-up. The American people will not accept anything short of the full, unredacted Epstein files,” said Rep. Robert Garcia of California, the top Democrat on the panel. “In a bipartisan vote, the Committee demanded complete compliance with our subpoena. Handpicked, partial productions are wholly insufficient and potentially misleading, especially after Attorney General Bondi bragged about having the entirety of the Epstein files on her desk mere months ago.” Many Republicans have called for more transparency surrounding the case and the release of records related to the matter – and the issue has roiled the House. Speaker Mike Johnson took steps to delay until September a vote of the full House to publicly release the DOJ’s Epstein files. The Louisiana Republican has said he supports transparency in the case but wants to give the administration room to handle the matter. House Republicans are on track to be forced to take a major vote over the release of information related to Epstein when they return to DC next month. Earlier on Tuesday, the chair of the powerful House Rules Committee — whose panel has run into drama over Epstein — was staying mum on whether GOP leadership will try to kill that vote altogether. Rules Committee Chairwoman Virginia Foxx told reporters Tuesday that she believes the Epstein issue might be “resolved” before the House is forced to take that vote, pointing to the ongoing investigation by the Oversight Committee. “Chairman Comer has mentioned that he’s getting the material that he’s asked for from the Department of Justice. I’d really like to see this resolved, if possible, before we get back, as much information as possible to come out,” Foxx said. This story has been updated with additional information. See all topics Email Link Copied! This undated trial evidence image obtained December 8, 2021, from the US District Court for the Southern District of New York shows British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell and US financier Jeffrey Epstein. See all topics Email Link Copied! The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform intends to make public some files it subpoenaed related to the Jeffrey Epstein case, though it will first redact them to shield victims’ IDs and other sensitive matters, a committee spokesperson said Tuesday. The panel is expected to start receiving materials from the Justice Department on Friday, though it appears the public release will come some time after that. The spokesperson said the committee would work with the Justice Department on the process. “The Committee intends to make the records public after thorough review to ensure all victims’ identification and child sexual abuse material are redacted. The Committee will also consult with the DOJ to ensure any documents released do not negatively impact ongoing criminal cases and investigations,” the spokesperson said. Ad Feedback Democrats on the committee complained that Comer was slow walking the release of the material by allowing the Justice Department to miss the Tuesday deadline that had been set by the panel and instead turn over the materials to the committee gradually over time starting Friday. They said DOJ had already been directed by the House subpoena to redact material related to victims’ identities and child sexual abuse – questioning the need for further delay to do so. “Releasing the Epstein files in batches just continues this White House cover-up. The American people will not accept anything short of the full, unredacted Epstein files,” said Rep. Robert Garcia of California, the top Democrat on the panel. “In a bipartisan vote, the Committee demanded complete compliance with our subpoena. Handpicked, partial productions are wholly insufficient and potentially misleading, especially after Attorney General Bondi bragged about having the entirety of the Epstein files on her desk mere months ago.” Many Republicans have called for more transparency surrounding the case and the release of records related to the matter – and the issue has roiled the House. Speaker Mike Johnson took steps to delay until September a vote of the full House to publicly release the DOJ’s Epstein files. The Louisiana Republican has said he supports transparency in the case but wants to give the administration room to handle the matter. House Republicans are on track to be forced to take a major vote over the release of information related to Epstein when they return to DC next month. Earlier on Tuesday, the chair of the powerful House Rules Committee — whose panel has run into drama over Epstein — was staying mum on whether GOP leadership will try to kill that vote altogether. Rules Committee Chairwoman Virginia Foxx told reporters Tuesday that she believes the Epstein issue might be “resolved” before the House is forced to take that vote, pointing to the ongoing investigation by the Oversight Committee. “Chairman Comer has mentioned that he’s getting the material that he’s asked for from the Department of Justice. I’d really like to see this resolved, if possible, before we get back, as much information as possible to come out,” Foxx said. This story has been updated with additional information. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform intends to make public some files it subpoenaed related to the Jeffrey Epstein case, though it will first redact them to shield victims’ IDs and other sensitive matters, a committee spokesperson said Tuesday. The panel is expected to start receiving materials from the Justice Department on Friday, though it appears the public release will come some time after that. The spokesperson said the committee would work with the Justice Department on the process. “The Committee intends to make the records public after thorough review to ensure all victims’ identification and child sexual abuse material are redacted. The Committee will also consult with the DOJ to ensure any documents released do not negatively impact ongoing criminal cases and investigations,” the spokesperson said. Ad Feedback Democrats on the committee complained that Comer was slow walking the release of the material by allowing the Justice Department to miss the Tuesday deadline that had been set by the panel and instead turn over the materials to the committee gradually over time starting Friday. They said DOJ had already been directed by the House subpoena to redact material related to victims’ identities and child sexual abuse – questioning the need for further delay to do so. “Releasing the Epstein files in batches just continues this White House cover-up. The American people will not accept anything short of the full, unredacted Epstein files,” said Rep. Robert Garcia of California, the top Democrat on the panel. “In a bipartisan vote, the Committee demanded complete compliance with our subpoena. Handpicked, partial productions are wholly insufficient and potentially misleading, especially after Attorney General Bondi bragged about having the entirety of the Epstein files on her desk mere months ago.” Many Republicans have called for more transparency surrounding the case and the release of records related to the matter – and the issue has roiled the House. Speaker Mike Johnson took steps to delay until September a vote of the full House to publicly release the DOJ’s Epstein files. The Louisiana Republican has said he supports transparency in the case but wants to give the administration room to handle the matter. House Republicans are on track to be forced to take a major vote over the release of information related to Epstein when they return to DC next month. Earlier on Tuesday, the chair of the powerful House Rules Committee — whose panel has run into drama over Epstein — was staying mum on whether GOP leadership will try to kill that vote altogether. Rules Committee Chairwoman Virginia Foxx told reporters Tuesday that she believes the Epstein issue might be “resolved” before the House is forced to take that vote, pointing to the ongoing investigation by the Oversight Committee. “Chairman Comer has mentioned that he’s getting the material that he’s asked for from the Department of Justice. I’d really like to see this resolved, if possible, before we get back, as much information as possible to come out,” Foxx said. This story has been updated with additional information. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .