A Target store in Pleasant Hill, California, on May 20, 2025. See all topics Email Link Copied! New York — Target CEO Brian Cornell is stepping down after 11 years at the retailer, as the company faces slumping sales and backlash to its retreat on DEI. Cornell’s departure was widely expected. Some industry analysts believed Target should bring in an outside voice to lead the company, but it opted for an internal candidate: Cornell will be replaced on February 1, 2026, by Michael Fiddelke, Target’s current chief operating officer. Fiddelke started as an intern at Target and has been at the company for 20 years. Cornell will stay on as executive chairman. He took over in 2014 and revitalized Target. He oversaw a strategy to remodel stores and strengthen the chain’s online business to compete with Amazon. Ad Feedback But Target has been in a deep slump for years, a result largely of its own strategic missteps. The company has also struggled as customers have purchased less of its home goods and clothing, and Target has faced intense competition from Walmart, Amazon and Costco. Target on Wednesday reported sales fell for the third-straight quarter. Shares fell 10% in premarket trading. Target’s ( TGT ) stock is among the worst performing companies in the S&P 500 this year. Some analysts criticized Target’s board choosing an insider and said the company should have gone further. “This an internal appointment that does not necessarily remedy the problems of entrenched groupthink and the inward-looking mindset that have plagued Target for years,” Neil Saunders, an analyst at GlobalData Retail, said in a note to clients Wednesday. “Target, which used to be very attuned to consumer demand, has lost its grip on delivering for the American shopper.” DEI retreat and shopper slowdown The last three years have been unkind to target, but 2025 has been particularly tumultuous. Earlier this year, the company ended some of its DEI programs . The decision angered supporters of diversity and inclusion policies , who felt blindsided by Target. Customers online protested Target’s decision and Anne and Lucy Dayton, the daughters of one of Target’s co-founders, called the company’s actions “a betrayal.” Target acknowledged its move hurt its sales. Target came under more pressure than other companies that rolled back DEI policies because Target had more deeply ingrained diversity and inclusion programs into the core of its business. Target also has a more progressive base of customers than many competitors. Tariffs and a consumer slowdown have put even more pressure on Target. Target is known for its trendier items and chain stocks more nonessential merchandise than competitors. More than half of Target’s merchandise is discretionary. But that merchandise has slumped as shoppers spend more on essentials such as food and household basics. Around half of Walmart’s business, for example, comes from groceries. Target also imports around half of its merchandise, compared to roughly 33% at Walmart, so it needs to raise prices at almost double the rate of Walmart to mitigate the tariff impact, Bank of America analyst Robert Ohmes said in a report this week. Analysts are mixed as to whether Target’s issues are easily solvable or if drastic changes are necessary to revive to the business. “Target’s long-term outlook is deteriorating,” Ohmes said. “Target is falling behind peers and has tougher challenges.” Rocky tenure Target’s recent struggles are a reversal of Cornell’s early years at the retailer. In 2018, Target reported its best results in a decade. The following year, Cornell was named CNN Business’ CEO of the Year for leading a turnaround at Target. The company thrived at a time when many brick-and-mortar stores were closing. “Target has earned a place in the retail winners’ circle by investing in our business and staying true to our guests and our purpose,” Cornell told CNN in 2019. Target boomed during the pandemic in 2020 and 2021 as shoppers rushed to stores to purchase essentials, home goods, office supplies and other merchandise. The company’s home goods also proved popular as stuck-at-home Americans looked to improve their living spaces when they couldn’t venture outside. But Target began to falter in 2022. The chain bought too much merchandise and dealt with a glut of unsold inventory as decades-high inflation pressured many of its shoppers. Post-pandemic, shoppers stopped buying up treadmills, TVs and home goods – especially as inflation started to bite. A year later, activists and customers on the right attacked Target on social media for its LGBTQ-themed merchandise during Pride Month. Target employees faced threats over items such as bathing suits designed for transgender people, and the company removed them from stores. Misinformation spread on social media that the swimsuits were marketed to children, which they were not. The backlash led to a drop in sales and lawsuits from Republican-aligned legal groups. This is a breaking news story and will be updated. See all topics Email Link Copied! A Target store in Pleasant Hill, California, on May 20, 2025. See all topics Email Link Copied! New York — Target CEO Brian Cornell is stepping down after 11 years at the retailer, as the company faces slumping sales and backlash to its retreat on DEI. Cornell’s departure was widely expected. Some industry analysts believed Target should bring in an outside voice to lead the company, but it opted for an internal candidate: Cornell will be replaced on February 1, 2026, by Michael Fiddelke, Target’s current chief operating officer. Fiddelke started as an intern at Target and has been at the company for 20 years. Cornell will stay on as executive chairman. He took over in 2014 and revitalized Target. He oversaw a strategy to remodel stores and strengthen the chain’s online business to compete with Amazon. Ad Feedback But Target has been in a deep slump for years, a result largely of its own strategic missteps. The company has also struggled as customers have purchased less of its home goods and clothing, and Target has faced intense competition from Walmart, Amazon and Costco. Target on Wednesday reported sales fell for the third-straight quarter. Shares fell 10% in premarket trading. Target’s ( TGT ) stock is among the worst performing companies in the S&P 500 this year. Some analysts criticized Target’s board choosing an insider and said the company should have gone further. “This an internal appointment that does not necessarily remedy the problems of entrenched groupthink and the inward-looking mindset that have plagued Target for years,” Neil Saunders, an analyst at GlobalData Retail, said in a note to clients Wednesday. “Target, which used to be very attuned to consumer demand, has lost its grip on delivering for the American shopper.” DEI retreat and shopper slowdown The last three years have been unkind to target, but 2025 has been particularly tumultuous. Earlier this year, the company ended some of its DEI programs . The decision angered supporters of diversity and inclusion policies , who felt blindsided by Target. Customers online protested Target’s decision and Anne and Lucy Dayton, the daughters of one of Target’s co-founders, called the company’s actions “a betrayal.” Target acknowledged its move hurt its sales. Target came under more pressure than other companies that rolled back DEI policies because Target had more deeply ingrained diversity and inclusion programs into the core of its business. Target also has a more progressive base of customers than many competitors. Tariffs and a consumer slowdown have put even more pressure on Target. Target is known for its trendier items and chain stocks more nonessential merchandise than competitors. More than half of Target’s merchandise is discretionary. But that merchandise has slumped as shoppers spend more on essentials such as food and household basics. Around half of Walmart’s business, for example, comes from groceries. Target also imports around half of its merchandise, compared to roughly 33% at Walmart, so it needs to raise prices at almost double the rate of Walmart to mitigate the tariff impact, Bank of America analyst Robert Ohmes said in a report this week. Analysts are mixed as to whether Target’s issues are easily solvable or if drastic changes are necessary to revive to the business. “Target’s long-term outlook is deteriorating,” Ohmes said. “Target is falling behind peers and has tougher challenges.” Rocky tenure Target’s recent struggles are a reversal of Cornell’s early years at the retailer. In 2018, Target reported its best results in a decade. The following year, Cornell was named CNN Business’ CEO of the Year for leading a turnaround at Target. The company thrived at a time when many brick-and-mortar stores were closing. “Target has earned a place in the retail winners’ circle by investing in our business and staying true to our guests and our purpose,” Cornell told CNN in 2019. Target boomed during the pandemic in 2020 and 2021 as shoppers rushed to stores to purchase essentials, home goods, office supplies and other merchandise. The company’s home goods also proved popular as stuck-at-home Americans looked to improve their living spaces when they couldn’t venture outside. But Target began to falter in 2022. The chain bought too much merchandise and dealt with a glut of unsold inventory as decades-high inflation pressured many of its shoppers. Post-pandemic, shoppers stopped buying up treadmills, TVs and home goods – especially as inflation started to bite. A year later, activists and customers on the right attacked Target on social media for its LGBTQ-themed merchandise during Pride Month. Target employees faced threats over items such as bathing suits designed for transgender people, and the company removed them from stores. Misinformation spread on social media that the swimsuits were marketed to children, which they were not. The backlash led to a drop in sales and lawsuits from Republican-aligned legal groups. This is a breaking news story and will be updated. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! New York — Target CEO Brian Cornell is stepping down after 11 years at the retailer, as the company faces slumping sales and backlash to its retreat on DEI. Cornell’s departure was widely expected. Some industry analysts believed Target should bring in an outside voice to lead the company, but it opted for an internal candidate: Cornell will be replaced on February 1, 2026, by Michael Fiddelke, Target’s current chief operating officer. Fiddelke started as an intern at Target and has been at the company for 20 years. Cornell will stay on as executive chairman. He took over in 2014 and revitalized Target. He oversaw a strategy to remodel stores and strengthen the chain’s online business to compete with Amazon. Ad Feedback But Target has been in a deep slump for years, a result largely of its own strategic missteps. The company has also struggled as customers have purchased less of its home goods and clothing, and Target has faced intense competition from Walmart, Amazon and Costco. Target on Wednesday reported sales fell for the third-straight quarter. Shares fell 10% in premarket trading. Target’s ( TGT ) stock is among the worst performing companies in the S&P 500 this year. Some analysts criticized Target’s board choosing an insider and said the company should have gone further. “This an internal appointment that does not necessarily remedy the problems of entrenched groupthink and the inward-looking mindset that have plagued Target for years,” Neil Saunders, an analyst at GlobalData Retail, said in a note to clients Wednesday. “Target, which used to be very attuned to consumer demand, has lost its grip on delivering for the American shopper.” DEI retreat and shopper slowdown The last three years have been unkind to target, but 2025 has been particularly tumultuous. Earlier this year, the company ended some of its DEI programs . The decision angered supporters of diversity and inclusion policies , who felt blindsided by Target. Customers online protested Target’s decision and Anne and Lucy Dayton, the daughters of one of Target’s co-founders, called the company’s actions “a betrayal.” Target acknowledged its move hurt its sales. Target came under more pressure than other companies that rolled back DEI policies because Target had more deeply ingrained diversity and inclusion programs into the core of its business. Target also has a more progressive base of customers than many competitors. Tariffs and a consumer slowdown have put even more pressure on Target. Target is known for its trendier items and chain stocks more nonessential merchandise than competitors. More than half of Target’s merchandise is discretionary. But that merchandise has slumped as shoppers spend more on essentials such as food and household basics. Around half of Walmart’s business, for example, comes from groceries. Target also imports around half of its merchandise, compared to roughly 33% at Walmart, so it needs to raise prices at almost double the rate of Walmart to mitigate the tariff impact, Bank of America analyst Robert Ohmes said in a report this week. Analysts are mixed as to whether Target’s issues are easily solvable or if drastic changes are necessary to revive to the business. “Target’s long-term outlook is deteriorating,” Ohmes said. “Target is falling behind peers and has tougher challenges.” Rocky tenure Target’s recent struggles are a reversal of Cornell’s early years at the retailer. In 2018, Target reported its best results in a decade. The following year, Cornell was named CNN Business’ CEO of the Year for leading a turnaround at Target. The company thrived at a time when many brick-and-mortar stores were closing. “Target has earned a place in the retail winners’ circle by investing in our business and staying true to our guests and our purpose,” Cornell told CNN in 2019. Target boomed during the pandemic in 2020 and 2021 as shoppers rushed to stores to purchase essentials, home goods, office supplies and other merchandise. The company’s home goods also proved popular as stuck-at-home Americans looked to improve their living spaces when they couldn’t venture outside. But Target began to falter in 2022. The chain bought too much merchandise and dealt with a glut of unsold inventory as decades-high inflation pressured many of its shoppers. Post-pandemic, shoppers stopped buying up treadmills, TVs and home goods – especially as inflation started to bite. A year later, activists and customers on the right attacked Target on social media for its LGBTQ-themed merchandise during Pride Month. Target employees faced threats over items such as bathing suits designed for transgender people, and the company removed them from stores. Misinformation spread on social media that the swimsuits were marketed to children, which they were not. The backlash led to a drop in sales and lawsuits from Republican-aligned legal groups. This is a breaking news story and will be updated. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .