A member of the military looks on in front of newly-installed concertina wire lining one of two border walls separating Mexico from the United States. See all topics Email Link Copied! The wall along the southern border will be painted black in an effort to make the structure too hot to climb, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem announced Tuesday, saying the suggestion came from President Donald Trump. “It’s tall, which makes it very, very difficult to climb, almost impossible. It also goes deep into the ground, which would make it very difficult, if not impossible, to dig under. And today we are also going to be painting it black,” Noem said during a news conference Tuesday in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, as she stood before the slatted steel structure. “That is specifically at the request of the president, who understands that in the hot temperatures down here, when something is painted black, it gets even warmer, and it will make it even harder for people to climb,” she said. Ad Feedback Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks at a press conference in Tampa, Florida, on Saturday. DHS Secretary Noem vows to ramp up deportations with funding boost from Trump’s domestic policy law The black paint will also prevent rust on the steel, said US Border Patrol Chief Michael Banks. The move to paint the wall comes as the Trump administration claims there were just over 6,000 apprehensions at the southern border in June, 15% lower than a previous record in March. The southern border wall was a centerpiece of Trump’s hardline immigration stance during his first term. Now in his second term, Trump’s focus has largely shifted to deportations and heightened enforcement within the US. Noem didn’t say how much it would cost to paint the wall, but the administration secured about $46.5 billion in funding through the Trump-backed “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” to modernize the border barrier system, including completing construction on 700 miles of primary wall. Razor wire at the at the border wall in Juarez, Chihuahua state, Mexico, on July 18. The government is building approximately half a mile of barrier each day, Noem said Tuesday. “The border wall will look very different based on the topography and the geography of where it is built,” she explained. Noem also noted the department’s deployment of “water-borne infrastructure” and advanced technology, such as cameras and sensors. See all topics Email Link Copied! A member of the military looks on in front of newly-installed concertina wire lining one of two border walls separating Mexico from the United States. See all topics Email Link Copied! The wall along the southern border will be painted black in an effort to make the structure too hot to climb, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem announced Tuesday, saying the suggestion came from President Donald Trump. “It’s tall, which makes it very, very difficult to climb, almost impossible. It also goes deep into the ground, which would make it very difficult, if not impossible, to dig under. And today we are also going to be painting it black,” Noem said during a news conference Tuesday in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, as she stood before the slatted steel structure. “That is specifically at the request of the president, who understands that in the hot temperatures down here, when something is painted black, it gets even warmer, and it will make it even harder for people to climb,” she said. Ad Feedback Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks at a press conference in Tampa, Florida, on Saturday. DHS Secretary Noem vows to ramp up deportations with funding boost from Trump’s domestic policy law The black paint will also prevent rust on the steel, said US Border Patrol Chief Michael Banks. The move to paint the wall comes as the Trump administration claims there were just over 6,000 apprehensions at the southern border in June, 15% lower than a previous record in March. The southern border wall was a centerpiece of Trump’s hardline immigration stance during his first term. Now in his second term, Trump’s focus has largely shifted to deportations and heightened enforcement within the US. Noem didn’t say how much it would cost to paint the wall, but the administration secured about $46.5 billion in funding through the Trump-backed “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” to modernize the border barrier system, including completing construction on 700 miles of primary wall. Razor wire at the at the border wall in Juarez, Chihuahua state, Mexico, on July 18. The government is building approximately half a mile of barrier each day, Noem said Tuesday. “The border wall will look very different based on the topography and the geography of where it is built,” she explained. Noem also noted the department’s deployment of “water-borne infrastructure” and advanced technology, such as cameras and sensors. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! The wall along the southern border will be painted black in an effort to make the structure too hot to climb, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem announced Tuesday, saying the suggestion came from President Donald Trump. “It’s tall, which makes it very, very difficult to climb, almost impossible. It also goes deep into the ground, which would make it very difficult, if not impossible, to dig under. And today we are also going to be painting it black,” Noem said during a news conference Tuesday in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, as she stood before the slatted steel structure. “That is specifically at the request of the president, who understands that in the hot temperatures down here, when something is painted black, it gets even warmer, and it will make it even harder for people to climb,” she said. Ad Feedback Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem speaks at a press conference in Tampa, Florida, on Saturday. DHS Secretary Noem vows to ramp up deportations with funding boost from Trump’s domestic policy law The black paint will also prevent rust on the steel, said US Border Patrol Chief Michael Banks. The move to paint the wall comes as the Trump administration claims there were just over 6,000 apprehensions at the southern border in June, 15% lower than a previous record in March. The southern border wall was a centerpiece of Trump’s hardline immigration stance during his first term. Now in his second term, Trump’s focus has largely shifted to deportations and heightened enforcement within the US. Noem didn’t say how much it would cost to paint the wall, but the administration secured about $46.5 billion in funding through the Trump-backed “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” to modernize the border barrier system, including completing construction on 700 miles of primary wall. Razor wire at the at the border wall in Juarez, Chihuahua state, Mexico, on July 18. The government is building approximately half a mile of barrier each day, Noem said Tuesday. “The border wall will look very different based on the topography and the geography of where it is built,” she explained. Noem also noted the department’s deployment of “water-borne infrastructure” and advanced technology, such as cameras and sensors. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .