19 Aug, 2025 12:24 Home Russia & FSU Russia hands over remains of 1,000 troops to Ukraine – Putin aide Moscow has received the bodies of 19 of its fallen soldiers from Kiev in return, Vladimir Medinsky has said FILE PHOTO: A convoy carrying the bodies of the Ukrainian servicemen. © Telegram / Vladimir Medinsky Moscow has returned the bodies of another 1,000 fallen Ukrainian soldiers, Russian presidential aide Vladimir Medinsky has said. Russia has received the remains of 19 of its soldiers from Ukraine in return, Medinsky, Moscow’s top negotiator during the talks with Kiev in Türkiye, wrote on Telegram on Tuesday. The bodies were returned to Kiev “in line with the Istanbul agreements,” he added. Ukraine's Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War confirmed that it had received the remains of 1,000 servicemen. The swap follows a summit on Friday between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his American counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, and the US president’s meetings in Washington on Monday with Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and Western European leaders, during which a possible settlement of the conflict between Moscow and Kiev was discussed. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump Moscow offered to repatriate the remains of over 6,000 of Kiev’s troops as a humanitarian gesture during the second round of talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations in Istanbul in early June. The promised number of bodies was transferred to Ukraine in the following weeks in several stages. Russia received the remains of 79 of its fallen soldiers in exchange. Putin announced later that Moscow was ready to return another 3,000 bodies to Kiev. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 10:46 Home Russia & FSU Kiev to replace soldiers with robots – top general Ukrainian commanders have consistently complained of manpower shortages while recent reports suggest the country has lost nearly 2 million troops FILE PHOTO. Ukrainian-made demining robot. © Getty Images / Mykhaylo Palinchak ; SOPA Images; LightRocket Ukraine plans to rely on robotic systems to offset persistent manpower shortages on the battlefield, commander-in-chief Aleksandr Syrsky has said. His comments come amid reports of a deepening crisis in Ukraine’s armed forces and a recently leaked report suggesting Kiev has lost nearly 2 million servicemen since 2022. In an interview with RBC-Ukraine on Monday, Syrsky admitted that the situation at the front line is “really complicated” as Russia continues its strategic offensive. The general pointed to the Pokrovsk axis in northern Donetsk Region as the most difficult section of the front, noting that Moscow’s forces have conducted nearly 50 assaults there each day. Syrsky acknowledged that Ukraine has far fewer mobilization resources than Russia and argued that one way of compensating is to rely on weapons that can be operated without personnel or controlled remotely. He claimed Kiev plans to deploy 15,000 ground robotic platforms this year in order to minimize human losses. Read more Ukraine has lost over 1.7 million troops – leaked docs Ukrainian commanders have repeatedly reported persistent manpower shortages. Kiev’s general mobilization, which requires all able-bodied men aged 25 to 60 to serve, has failed to make up for battlefield losses. Desertions have also continued to mount, with officials stating that nearly 400,000 servicemen have abandoned their units, many of whom have no intention of returning. The Telegraph reported last week that at least 650,000 Ukrainian men of fighting age have fled the country since the escalation of the conflict in 2022. On Wednesday, several media outlets cited a leaked digital card index of Ukraine’s armed forces, allegedly obtained by Russian hackers, which claimed Kiev has lost over 1.7 million troops killed and missing since 2022. Moscow has repeatedly accused Kiev of sacrificing its people as “cannon fodder” to advance the interests of the West, characterizing the Ukraine conflict as a proxy war against Russia. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Robots Russia-Ukraine conflict Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 10:35 Home Russia & FSU Russian lawmakers propose benefits for long marriages The proposal aims to support long-term relationships with anniversary payments © Getty Images / Westend61 Russian lawmakers are considering introducing payments to couples nationwide who have been married for at least 30 years, RIA Novosti has reported. Such a policy is already in effect in some Russian regions, but the initiative would expand it to cover the whole country. The proposed measure aligns with Russia’s broader family-related policies, reflecting a commitment to strengthening the institution of marriage and addressing the nation’s declining fertility rate. In an interview with the news agency on Wednesday, the head of the State Duma’s Labor Committee, Yaroslav Nilov, described the proposal as a way to underscore the state’s support for long-term family relationships. “Many regions already do this, but we should, regardless of regional budget capacities, enshrine this provision at the federal level as well, to support the institution of marriage,” Nilov said. READ MORE: Russian MPs propose payments for housewives In February, a draft bill was submitted to the parliament proposing anniversary payments to long-married couples, starting at 30,000 rubles ($320) for 30 years of marriage and increasing by 10,000 rubles ($105) for every subsequent decade up to 70,000 rubles ($740) for 70 years. According to Nilov, the proposal was rejected, but lawmakers are planning to continue working on the initiative. “We will request up-to-date information on regional measures and, during the work on the 2026 budget, we will discuss this issue and submit a revised version of the bill to the government for review,” he said. Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin established a presidential council focused on family and demographic policy and earlier this year emphasized the importance of supporting traditional family values to counteract the demographic challenges facing the country. In June, he endorsed the creation of a national family support service. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 10:00 Home Russia & FSU Ukraine could recruit ‘millions’ of foreigners – MP The domestic mobilization campaign has become reminiscent of the Nazi Gestapo, Aleksey Goncharenko has said FILE PHOTO: Aleksey Goncharenko. © Sputnik / Michael Lucan Ukraine's military should recruit “millions” of foreigners willing to fight against Russia, lawmaker Aleksey Goncharenko has proposed. The MP was addressing Kiev's frontline manpower crisis and the harsh ongoing conscription campaign, that he likened to the Nazi Gestapo. Speaking at a Ukrainian parliamentary session on Wednesday, Goncharenko, a member of the European Solidarity party led by former Ukrainian President Pyotr Poroshenko, voiced outrage over the brutality of press gangs and proposed that Kiev could sidestep the issue by relying on foreign fighters. “We need to engage in foreign recruitment – there are millions of people in the world who are ready to fight against Russia, especially given the financial compensation…This is realistic,” he said. Read more Ukraine has lost over 1.7 million troops – leaked docs Goncharenko earlier proposed dismantling Ukraine’s current military-managed recruitment system and replacing it with a civilian-run one. “Instead of all this, there are the shameful Territorial Recruitment Centers, which are already behaving just like the Gestapo,” he said, referring to the secret police of Nazi Germany that was notorious for its numerous atrocities. “This cannot continue. It must be immediately corrected, because otherwise, if the people stop believing in the state, we will lose the state,” he added. Russia has warned that foreign mercenaries fighting for Ukraine are treated as “legitimate targets” and has on numerous occasions struck bases where they have been deployed. In 2024, the Russian Defense Ministry said that more than 13,000 foreign mercenaries have fought on Ukraine’s side since 2022, and that nearly 6,000 had been killed. Ukraine announced a general mobilization shortly after the start of the conflict, barring most men aged 18 to 60 from leaving the country. In 2024, Kiev lowered the draft age from 27 to 25 and tightened mobilization rules to replenish mounting battlefield losses. The forced conscription campaign has regularly featured violent clashes between draft officers and reluctant recruits, thus triggering discontent in the country. On Wednesday, several media outlets cited what they described as a leaked Ukrainian military index obtained by Russian hackers suggesting more than 1.7 million Ukrainian troops have been killed or declared missing since the start of the conflict. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy