20 Aug, 2025 16:36 Home World News Peace in Ukraine will destroy the EU establishment The end of the war will shake the bloc up no less than the war itself, propelling the suppressed New Right to power By Tarik Cyril Amar , a historian from Germany working at Koç University, Istanbul, on Russia, Ukraine, and Eastern Europe, the history of World War II, the cultural Cold War, and the politics of memory By Tarik Cyril Amar , a historian from Germany working at Koç University, Istanbul, on Russia, Ukraine, and Eastern Europe, the history of World War II, the cultural Cold War, and the politics of memory @tarikcyrilamar tarikcyrilamar.substack.com tarikcyrilamar.com European leaders attend Vladimir Zelensky's meeting with Donald Trump at the White House. © Win McNamee / Getty Images The prospects for an end to the Ukraine War have never been so good despite continuing if dwindling Western European attempts to play spoiler, and with the exception, of course, of the almost-peace of spring 2022 that the West sabotaged. Since then, there’s been much water – or rather blood – under that bridge not crossed. Now there is a real chance that the presidents of Russia and the US, Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump, will compel – “persuade,” if you wish – both the Zelensky regime in Kiev and its remaining backers in NATO-EU Europe to return to reality: namely, to accept, if tacitly, that Russia is winning the war on the ground and that a later peace will only bring further unnecessary losses for Ukraine and its Western users. Nothing, except death, is certain until it is in the past. This peace is still in the – hopefully near – future. Yet we can already think about its consequences. Regarding the 32 European countries that are either in NATO, the EU, or both, this is usually done with an eye to military posture, foreign policy, and the economy (oddly enough, in that order). How long, for instance, will it take for hysterical predictions of a Russian attack on at least the Baltics if not Warsaw, Berlin, and – who knows – Luxembourg, to wear off? What will happen to the new monster-debt-driven militarism? Will the NATO-EU Europeans ever be sensible enough again to rediscover diplomacy and cooperation with Russia? If so, when? Before or after they finally collapse under the weight of energy prices, deindustrialization, and public debt? The answer to all questions above will depend on how the domestic politics of key European states develop. In that respect, the single most important question is about the future of Europe’s currently rising, even surging New Right (an umbrella term for parties that are commonly labeled, for instance, “right-populist,” “hard right,” or “far right” ). But this logic also works the other way around. If the Ukraine War ends mostly on Moscow’s terms, as now supported even by Washington, this peace will inevitably influence politics inside NATO-EU Europe and in particular the chances of the New Right. Read more From cold war to cold peace: What the Anchorage and White House meetings mean for the world The New Right advance is especially significant in three key countries: France, Germany, and Great Britain. They have in common that their respective New Right parties – Rassemblement National (RN), Reform UK, and Alternative für Deutschland (AfD) – are leading national polls . While this is similar to several other European states, such as Spain and Austria, the British, French, and German cases are special because of their economic and political weight. The New Right surge is by no means new. It has been building for about two decades now, and for some observers, its triumph is already an accomplished fact: It was last spring, in the run-up to EU parliamentary elections, that Politico acknowledged that the “longstanding effort” to keep the New Right out of government was “officially over.” That turned out to be a little premature: In Austria, Germany, and France, current government set-ups are still based on excluding the New Right. Yet sometimes, another word for “premature” is “prophetic.” The pressure from the New Right parties has not slackened but increased. Current measures to ignore their popular backing at all costs have a whiff of despair about them and may fail entirely in the near future. Take, for instance, the cases of Germany and Romania. For Ian Bremer, a popular American geopolitical consultant, commentator, and reliable organ of the Centrist mainstream party line, they stand for success in fending off the New Right . Yet, ironically, both cases are telling, but not for the reasons Bremer imagines. In Germany and Romania, he reminds us, elections this year produced Centrist governments “despite a rise in support for the far right.” What Bremer forgets to mention is that in both cases, these Centrist victories were the outcome of foul play. In Romania , on the fringes of the EU, the methods used were particularly brutal and shameless . A massive challenge from the new right under Calin Georgescu could only be stopped by flagrant lawfare. Without it, Bucharest would already have a New Right president, just like Warsaw. Read more Ukraine has lost over 1.7 million troops – leaked docs In Germany, land of order and rules, things were only a little more subtle. To keep Berlin under Centrist control despite an electoral breakthrough success of the AfD, two things were done, one “merely” against the spirit of the constitution, the other in all likelihood amounting to either literally unbelievable incompetence or deliberate electoral falsification, even if carried out locally. The so-called “firewall” (a euphemism), an establishment policy to treat the AfD unlike all other parties and exclude it from coalition building, is an offense to basic fairness, as well as the German constitution’s substance, since it treats the votes of AfD voters as, in effect, of lesser weight . This makes a real and decisive difference. Without the “firewall,” a New Right-Centrist coalition would already rule in Berlin. The other dirty trick without which the current German government could not have been made was to somehow “misplace” a large number of votes – no one knows exactly how many, because the urgently needed nationwide recount is being stalled – for its insurgent challenger from the Left, Sarah Wagenknecht’s BSW. Otherwise, the BSW would almost certainly have taken enough seats in the new parliament to make the current ruling coalition arithmetically impossible: German democracy has the dubious – yet not unique – distinction of having systematically disadvantaged both its New Right and its new Left Parties to “save” itself from, in effect, the citizens. Add the case of France, another country where an electoral outcome was manipulated shamelessly to, in effect, disenfranchise both New Right and New Left voters, and the question becomes even more obvious. How much more of this kind of chicanery before the word “democracy” loses any meaning it may still have? Crucially, hence, the methods that Europe’s Centrists use to hold back the New Right’s advance undermine Centrist credibility and increase that of the New Right. Not to even speak of the obvious boost that the European New Right is getting from the success of the US variant. So, here we are. Driven by voters’ concerns over immigration, the economy, social and cultural norms, and the general failure of cynical elites to care, Europe’s New Right is on the offensive. Centrist defenses are desperate and counterproductive. And help from “daddy” across the Atlantic won’t come for the Centrists but for the New Right. While its lead is not (yet) overwhelming and the timelines of national elections, as well as complications of coalition building mean it is too early for firm predictions, one thing is certain: there is a real possibility of one or several domestic-politics earthquakes with far-reaching consequences for international politics. Read more What is the ‘coalition of the willing’ – and why it’s falling apart It’s no wonder the Russian leadership makes no secret out of watching attentively , as is its right, in fact duty as a matter of due diligence in foreign policy. Because the obvious question is: what would New Right participation in or even domination of government mean in France, Germany, and Great Britain, the three problem-ridden but still comparatively powerful countries that are home to NATO-EU Europe’s biggest economies and have traditionally set much of the political tone, too? And what would be the effect of an end to the Ukraine War – in effect, a Russian victory – on the New Right’s chances to make these earthquakes happen? In France, Germany, and Great Britain, Centrist politicians and their mainstream media have long charged the New Right with serving Russia. Genuine affinities in ideological and political aims – whether you like or dislike those aims is a different matter – have been maliciously misread as, in effect, nothing but an outcome of Russian subterfuge and bribery. Oddly enough, the same “logic” never applies to the massive, almost indecent overlap of Centrist positions that has produced, for instance, Atlanticism. If Europeans align with Washington’s positions, as the rule implies, that must be their free choice and could not possibly have anything to do with American influence channeled through, for instance, mainstream media, think tanks, and of course covert means as well. But if Europeans even show a desire to at least understand Moscow’s positions, now that simply must be something the big bad Russians made them do. In this regard, an end to the Ukraine War is likely to deprive European Centrists of one of their favorite tools of neo-McCarthyite New Right bashing. In Britain, for instance, the ruling Labour Party has just started a fresh campaign explicitly geared toward damaging Reform UK and its leader Nigel Farage by hammering the local version of the daft Russia-Russia-Russia theme. Read more Six takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy In the German AfD, some politicians seen as too close to Russia have just been marginalized to create an overall less Russia-friendly image. And yet, fortunately, that is a surface effect due to media pressure. Witness recent X posts by the AfD’s single most important leader, Alice Weidel. Weidel has not stopped criticizing the aggressive course of the German government and its waste of billions on arming Ukraine . She keeps demanding a normalization with Russia through a realistic foreign policy focused on German national interest . Peace in and over Ukraine is very likely to benefit Europe’s New Right and make life even harder for European Centrists. Centrists will lose one of their main instruments of whipping up war scares among their populations. The New Right will be less vulnerable to smears of being Russia’s fifth column, while its realistic and constructive positions on policy toward Russia will become only more plausible. Finally, once peace happens, the war and those in the West who provoked and prolonged it may finally come under the intense scrutiny they deserve. An honest, critical assessment of the bloody Centrist war folly – including politicians, experts, and mainstream media – would further undermine Centrism’s hold. Everyone knows that the Ukraine War brought great change to Europe. And so may the Ukraine Peace. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on European Union – EU Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested in Italy over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the pipeline bringing Russian gas to Western Europe in 2022 © Danish Defence / Anadolu Agency via Getty Images Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, German prosecutors reported on Thursday. The man, referred to only as Sergey K, was detained near Rimini on the basis of a European arrest warrant. German investigators believe he led a unit that blew up sections of the pipelines in September 2022. The attacks, which ruptured both the Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines in the Baltic Sea, were, improbably, initially blamed on Russian operatives. But German prosecutors later traced a rented sailing yacht to the operation and linked it to Ukrainian nationals. Read more Poland to turn wind farm into NATO’s eyes and ears – media Investigators say Sergey K was part of a group that placed explosives on the pipelines near the island of Bornholm in September 2022. The accused was allegedly one of the coordinators of the operation. He and his accomplices are said to have used a sailing yacht that departed from the German city of Rostock. The vessel had previously been rented from a German company through intermediaries using forged identification documents. “After being transferred from Italy, the accused will be brought before the investigating judge of the Federal Court of Justice,” according to the statement by the prosecutor's office. Germany’s Federal Prosecutor General has reportedly been investigating the blasts for more than two years on suspicion of sabotage and causing explosives to be detonated. The explosions were seen at the time as an attack on critical energy infrastructure and a stark example of the rising economic fallout of the Ukraine conflict. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a military spokesman has announced. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full control of Gaza was approved by the Jewish state's security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:26 Home World News Germany’s Merz facing opposition over Ukraine troop plan – Bild The chancellor’s coalition partners insist the German military could only be sent together with US forces, the newspaper claims German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. © Getty Images German Chancellor Friedrich Merz is facing resistance from within his government over his plan to dispatch troops to Ukraine in the event of a ceasefire between Moscow and Kiev, Bild reported on Thursday. According to the newspaper, Merz backs sending the German military to Ukraine, but the Social Democratic Party (SPD), which forms part of his ruling coalition, "as of now, will only support this if the US also takes the lead, providing its own troops.” Earlier this week, US President Donald Trump ruled out putting American boots on the ground in Ukraine. Bild also noted that if Ukraine were attacked while German troops were stationed there, Berlin would be in “uncharted legal territory.” Merz also has to grapple with strategic questions such as how many Western European troops could be deployed to Ukraine, how air surveillance and air protection would be ensured, and how Ukraine would maintain its military capabilities. Read more Germany’s Merz warns EU not to ‘overestimate’ influence on Ukraine conflict Publicly, Merz has not ruled out dispatching German soldiers to Ukraine, but has said “the whole of Europe should participate” in potential security guarantees to Kiev. “It is not just about the territory of Ukraine; it is about Europe's political order,” he added. Foreign Minister Johann Wadephul, however, has warned that Germany’s military capacity is already stretched to the limit. He noted it is currently the only European contributor with a combat-ready brigade stationed in Lithuania, and that simultaneously undertaking a mission in Ukraine “would probably be too much for us.” Although Trump has ruled out deploying US ground troops to Ukraine, he has signaled willingness to offer an air support framework if Moscow and Kiev reach an agreement to end hostilities. The Bild report follows the summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska last week, as well as a visit by Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and several European leaders, including Merz, to Washington on Monday, with talks centered on settling the Ukraine conflict. Russia has warned that any NATO or Western troop presence in Ukraine would be absolutely “unacceptable,” regardless of its form or potential scenarios. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Germany Russia-Ukraine conflict US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy