close Measles is 'more contagious than COVID,' medical expert warns Dr. John Whyte, WebMD's chief medical officer, talked to Fox News Digital about tips for protecting against measles transmission amid the recent outbreaks. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The measles outbreak in Texas has officially ended. In a Monday press release, the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) reported the end of the outbreak, which centered in West Texas. The announcement was made after no new cases were reported for more than 42 days in counties that had previously shown evidence of ongoing transmission. MORE STATES NOW REPORTING MEASLES CASES: SEE WHERE OUTBREAKS HAVE SPREAD As of Aug. 18, a total of 762 measles cases have been confirmed in Texas since the outbreak began in late January. One of the first cases was in Gaines County, where a total of 414 infections were reported. A total of 1,356 cases of measles have been confirmed in the U.S. as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. (Reuters) The virus has spread across the U.S. during 2025, marking a total of 1,356 confirmed cases in the country as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. More than two-thirds of Texas cases affected school-aged children . A total of 99 people were hospitalized and two children died. FLY SAFELY AMID MEASLES OUTBREAK WITH THESE IMPORTANT TRAVEL TIPS In a statement, DSHS Commissioner Jennifer A. Shuford, M.D., highlighted the "tireless work" of public health professionals across Texas, who "contributed to the containment of one of the most contagious viruses ." "We arrived at this point through a comprehensive outbreak response that included testing, vaccination, disease monitoring and educating the public about measles through awareness campaigns," Shuford added. A paramedic administers a dose of the measles vaccine at a health center in Lubbock, Texas, on Feb. 27, 2025. (RONALDO SCHEMIDT/AFP via Getty Images) "I also want to recognize the many healthcare professionals who identified and treated cases of a virus that most providers had never seen in person before this outbreak." Potential risks remain Forty-two days is double the disease’s maximum incubation period, according to DSHS, which is why experts consider the outbreak to be over. But the threat of measles still looms, as ongoing outbreaks exist in North America and other areas of the world, which will "likely" lead to additional measles cases in Texas this year. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "Healthcare providers should continue to be vigilant and test for measles if their patient has symptoms compatible with the virus ," the DSHS wrote in a press release. "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus." "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus," the DSHS wrote. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) About one in five children who get sick will require hospitalization during a measles outbreak, and one in 20 will develop pneumonia, according to state health officials. In rare cases, measles can lead to brain swelling and death, as well as pregnancy complications. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The best way to prevent measles is through vaccination, per the guidance of DSHS and other public health experts. This includes two doses of a measles-containing immunization, primarily administered as the MMR vaccine . Signs point the way to measles testing in the parking lot of the Seminole Hospital District across from Wigwam Stadium on Feb. 27, 2025, in Seminole, Texas. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) "It’s a factor of several times more contagious," he said, noting that one infected person can impact about 10 to 15 other people. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health To protect against infection, Whyte emphasized the need to be aware of your surroundings and wear a mask in areas where cases have been detected. He also recommended practicing "good handwashing" after touching surfaces, as well as keeping surfaces clean, as virus droplets can stick and spread when contact is made. Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Measles is 'more contagious than COVID,' medical expert warns Dr. John Whyte, WebMD's chief medical officer, talked to Fox News Digital about tips for protecting against measles transmission amid the recent outbreaks. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The measles outbreak in Texas has officially ended. In a Monday press release, the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) reported the end of the outbreak, which centered in West Texas. The announcement was made after no new cases were reported for more than 42 days in counties that had previously shown evidence of ongoing transmission. MORE STATES NOW REPORTING MEASLES CASES: SEE WHERE OUTBREAKS HAVE SPREAD As of Aug. 18, a total of 762 measles cases have been confirmed in Texas since the outbreak began in late January. One of the first cases was in Gaines County, where a total of 414 infections were reported. A total of 1,356 cases of measles have been confirmed in the U.S. as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. (Reuters) The virus has spread across the U.S. during 2025, marking a total of 1,356 confirmed cases in the country as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. More than two-thirds of Texas cases affected school-aged children . A total of 99 people were hospitalized and two children died. FLY SAFELY AMID MEASLES OUTBREAK WITH THESE IMPORTANT TRAVEL TIPS In a statement, DSHS Commissioner Jennifer A. Shuford, M.D., highlighted the "tireless work" of public health professionals across Texas, who "contributed to the containment of one of the most contagious viruses ." "We arrived at this point through a comprehensive outbreak response that included testing, vaccination, disease monitoring and educating the public about measles through awareness campaigns," Shuford added. A paramedic administers a dose of the measles vaccine at a health center in Lubbock, Texas, on Feb. 27, 2025. (RONALDO SCHEMIDT/AFP via Getty Images) "I also want to recognize the many healthcare professionals who identified and treated cases of a virus that most providers had never seen in person before this outbreak." Potential risks remain Forty-two days is double the disease’s maximum incubation period, according to DSHS, which is why experts consider the outbreak to be over. But the threat of measles still looms, as ongoing outbreaks exist in North America and other areas of the world, which will "likely" lead to additional measles cases in Texas this year. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "Healthcare providers should continue to be vigilant and test for measles if their patient has symptoms compatible with the virus ," the DSHS wrote in a press release. "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus." "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus," the DSHS wrote. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) About one in five children who get sick will require hospitalization during a measles outbreak, and one in 20 will develop pneumonia, according to state health officials. In rare cases, measles can lead to brain swelling and death, as well as pregnancy complications. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The best way to prevent measles is through vaccination, per the guidance of DSHS and other public health experts. This includes two doses of a measles-containing immunization, primarily administered as the MMR vaccine . Signs point the way to measles testing in the parking lot of the Seminole Hospital District across from Wigwam Stadium on Feb. 27, 2025, in Seminole, Texas. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) "It’s a factor of several times more contagious," he said, noting that one infected person can impact about 10 to 15 other people. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health To protect against infection, Whyte emphasized the need to be aware of your surroundings and wear a mask in areas where cases have been detected. He also recommended practicing "good handwashing" after touching surfaces, as well as keeping surfaces clean, as virus droplets can stick and spread when contact is made. Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Measles is 'more contagious than COVID,' medical expert warns Dr. John Whyte, WebMD's chief medical officer, talked to Fox News Digital about tips for protecting against measles transmission amid the recent outbreaks. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min The measles outbreak in Texas has officially ended. In a Monday press release, the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) reported the end of the outbreak, which centered in West Texas. The announcement was made after no new cases were reported for more than 42 days in counties that had previously shown evidence of ongoing transmission. MORE STATES NOW REPORTING MEASLES CASES: SEE WHERE OUTBREAKS HAVE SPREAD As of Aug. 18, a total of 762 measles cases have been confirmed in Texas since the outbreak began in late January. One of the first cases was in Gaines County, where a total of 414 infections were reported. A total of 1,356 cases of measles have been confirmed in the U.S. as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. (Reuters) The virus has spread across the U.S. during 2025, marking a total of 1,356 confirmed cases in the country as of Aug. 5, according to the CDC. More than two-thirds of Texas cases affected school-aged children . A total of 99 people were hospitalized and two children died. FLY SAFELY AMID MEASLES OUTBREAK WITH THESE IMPORTANT TRAVEL TIPS In a statement, DSHS Commissioner Jennifer A. Shuford, M.D., highlighted the "tireless work" of public health professionals across Texas, who "contributed to the containment of one of the most contagious viruses ." "We arrived at this point through a comprehensive outbreak response that included testing, vaccination, disease monitoring and educating the public about measles through awareness campaigns," Shuford added. A paramedic administers a dose of the measles vaccine at a health center in Lubbock, Texas, on Feb. 27, 2025. (RONALDO SCHEMIDT/AFP via Getty Images) "I also want to recognize the many healthcare professionals who identified and treated cases of a virus that most providers had never seen in person before this outbreak." Potential risks remain Forty-two days is double the disease’s maximum incubation period, according to DSHS, which is why experts consider the outbreak to be over. But the threat of measles still looms, as ongoing outbreaks exist in North America and other areas of the world, which will "likely" lead to additional measles cases in Texas this year. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER "Healthcare providers should continue to be vigilant and test for measles if their patient has symptoms compatible with the virus ," the DSHS wrote in a press release. "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus." "Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness, which can cause life-threatening illness to anyone who is not protected against the virus," the DSHS wrote. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) About one in five children who get sick will require hospitalization during a measles outbreak, and one in 20 will develop pneumonia, according to state health officials. In rare cases, measles can lead to brain swelling and death, as well as pregnancy complications. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The best way to prevent measles is through vaccination, per the guidance of DSHS and other public health experts. This includes two doses of a measles-containing immunization, primarily administered as the MMR vaccine . Signs point the way to measles testing in the parking lot of the Seminole Hospital District across from Wigwam Stadium on Feb. 27, 2025, in Seminole, Texas. (Jan Sonnenmair/Getty Images) "It’s a factor of several times more contagious," he said, noting that one infected person can impact about 10 to 15 other people. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health To protect against infection, Whyte emphasized the need to be aware of your surroundings and wear a mask in areas where cases have been detected. He also recommended practicing "good handwashing" after touching surfaces, as well as keeping surfaces clean, as virus droplets can stick and spread when contact is made. Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle reporter for Fox News Digital.