close Rich Lowry cites Trump’s ‘unconventional approach’ to diplomacy after summit with Putin The ‘MediaBuzz’ panel discusses President Donald Trump’s defense of his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min President Trump told Brian Glenn of the conservative Real America’s Voice that he didn’t want to answer his question because it was "off-topic" as he stood there with Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders. Then he proceeded to answer it at great length. The idea, it turns out, began with Vladimir Putin, who has a bit of experience at keeping himself in power, which isn’t all that hard if you’re a dictator. My source? Donald Trump . ZELENSKYY AGREES TO TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING WITHOUT CEASE-FIRE, BUT WILL KREMLIN DICTATOR GO ALONG? President Trump's Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, reportedly told him "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections." (Photo by SERGEY BOBYLEV/POOL/AFP via Getty Images) He said Putin told him that "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections," in an interview with Fox’s Sean Hannity. He said Putin told him he won the 2020 election "by so much," as Trump has long claimed, "and you lost it because of mail-in voting. It was a rigged election." Music to the president’s ears. So Trump was ready when a friendly reporter asked the question. Trump slammed mail-in ballots as "corrupt" when asked by a reporter, a position he's maintained since his re-election defeat in 2020. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) "Mail-in ballots are corrupt," he declared. "Mail-in ballots, you can never have a real democracy with mail-in ballots, and we as a Republican Party are going to do everything possible that we get rid of mail-in ballots. We're going to start with an executive order that's being written right now by the best lawyers in the country to end mail-in ballots because they're corrupt." He was just warming up. "And, you know, that we're the only country in the world, I believe I may be wrong, but just about the only country in the world that uses [mail-in ballots] because of what's happened, massive fraud all over the place. The other thing we want, change of the machines. For all of the money they spend, it's approximately 10 times more expensive than paper ballots. And paper ballots are very sophisticated with the watermark paper and everything else, we would get secure elections. We get much faster results, the machines, I mean, they say we're going to have the results in two weeks with paper ballots. You have the results that night. Most people almost have, but most people in many countries use paper ballots. It's the most secure form." A little fact-checking is in order. As Axios points out, many countries around the world have some form of mail-in voting. And millions of Americans who live overseas, such as military families, are eligible for mailing in their ballots. Trump actually doesn’t have the power to do this. While he says the states are an "agent" of the feds, the Constitution says the mechanics of holding elections "shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof." But Congress can change those requirements. Could the president get this through the narrow majorities in both chambers? "It’s a fraud," Trump said, adding: "It's time that the Republicans get tough and stop it because the Democrats want it, it's the only way they can get elected." DONALD TRUMP AS STRONGMAN, RILING UP HIS BASE AND INVESTIGATING HIS ENEMIES Trump even invoked Jimmy Carter. In 2004, a commission set up by the former president and ex-Reagan aide James Baker III concluded that "absentee ballots remain the largest source of potential voter fraud." In 2020, Trump went all-out in favor of mail-in ballots, arguing that they would help Republicans. Of course, he may just have been trying to make the best of the tools already in place. No party believes in unilateral disarmament. But his enthusiasm for mail-in ballots in that election stands in stark contrast to his current stance that they are corrupt and should be banned. Trump wound up telling Brian Glenn, who is dating Marjorie Taylor Greene, "I’m glad you asked that question." In 2020, Trump favored mail-in ballots under the impression they'd help Republicans – a far cry from his current stance. (Getty Images) The president doesn’t let himself be tied down by the rules of consistency that most conventional politicians have to obey. Until last Friday, he was insisting on a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine as a precondition for any peace agreement. After the Alaska summit, he dropped the ceasefire idea that Zelenskyy had been demanding, given that his country is being bombarded every day, with significant civilian casualties, and adopted the Putin stance of allowing the war to continue to further freeze his military gains in the crucial Donbas region. SUBSCRIBE TO HOWIE'S MEDIA BUZZMETER PODCAST, A RIFF ON THE DAY'S HOTTEST STORIES But that flexibility – what critics call flip-flopping – has put the president in the position where he has a shot at hammering out a peace agreement, though major obstacles remain. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP So I expect we’ll hear a lot more about how mail-in ballots are horrible and evil in the coming months, though whether he can get his Hill allies to go along is very much an open question. Howard Kurtz is the host of FOX News Channel's MediaBuzz (Sundays 11 AM-12PM/ET). Based in Washington, D.C., he joined the network in 2013 and regularly appears on Special Report with Bret Baier and The Story with Martha MacCallum among other programs. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Rich Lowry cites Trump’s ‘unconventional approach’ to diplomacy after summit with Putin The ‘MediaBuzz’ panel discusses President Donald Trump’s defense of his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min President Trump told Brian Glenn of the conservative Real America’s Voice that he didn’t want to answer his question because it was "off-topic" as he stood there with Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders. Then he proceeded to answer it at great length. The idea, it turns out, began with Vladimir Putin, who has a bit of experience at keeping himself in power, which isn’t all that hard if you’re a dictator. My source? Donald Trump . ZELENSKYY AGREES TO TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING WITHOUT CEASE-FIRE, BUT WILL KREMLIN DICTATOR GO ALONG? President Trump's Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, reportedly told him "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections." (Photo by SERGEY BOBYLEV/POOL/AFP via Getty Images) He said Putin told him that "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections," in an interview with Fox’s Sean Hannity. He said Putin told him he won the 2020 election "by so much," as Trump has long claimed, "and you lost it because of mail-in voting. It was a rigged election." Music to the president’s ears. So Trump was ready when a friendly reporter asked the question. Trump slammed mail-in ballots as "corrupt" when asked by a reporter, a position he's maintained since his re-election defeat in 2020. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) "Mail-in ballots are corrupt," he declared. "Mail-in ballots, you can never have a real democracy with mail-in ballots, and we as a Republican Party are going to do everything possible that we get rid of mail-in ballots. We're going to start with an executive order that's being written right now by the best lawyers in the country to end mail-in ballots because they're corrupt." He was just warming up. "And, you know, that we're the only country in the world, I believe I may be wrong, but just about the only country in the world that uses [mail-in ballots] because of what's happened, massive fraud all over the place. The other thing we want, change of the machines. For all of the money they spend, it's approximately 10 times more expensive than paper ballots. And paper ballots are very sophisticated with the watermark paper and everything else, we would get secure elections. We get much faster results, the machines, I mean, they say we're going to have the results in two weeks with paper ballots. You have the results that night. Most people almost have, but most people in many countries use paper ballots. It's the most secure form." A little fact-checking is in order. As Axios points out, many countries around the world have some form of mail-in voting. And millions of Americans who live overseas, such as military families, are eligible for mailing in their ballots. Trump actually doesn’t have the power to do this. While he says the states are an "agent" of the feds, the Constitution says the mechanics of holding elections "shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof." But Congress can change those requirements. Could the president get this through the narrow majorities in both chambers? "It’s a fraud," Trump said, adding: "It's time that the Republicans get tough and stop it because the Democrats want it, it's the only way they can get elected." DONALD TRUMP AS STRONGMAN, RILING UP HIS BASE AND INVESTIGATING HIS ENEMIES Trump even invoked Jimmy Carter. In 2004, a commission set up by the former president and ex-Reagan aide James Baker III concluded that "absentee ballots remain the largest source of potential voter fraud." In 2020, Trump went all-out in favor of mail-in ballots, arguing that they would help Republicans. Of course, he may just have been trying to make the best of the tools already in place. No party believes in unilateral disarmament. But his enthusiasm for mail-in ballots in that election stands in stark contrast to his current stance that they are corrupt and should be banned. Trump wound up telling Brian Glenn, who is dating Marjorie Taylor Greene, "I’m glad you asked that question." In 2020, Trump favored mail-in ballots under the impression they'd help Republicans – a far cry from his current stance. (Getty Images) The president doesn’t let himself be tied down by the rules of consistency that most conventional politicians have to obey. Until last Friday, he was insisting on a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine as a precondition for any peace agreement. After the Alaska summit, he dropped the ceasefire idea that Zelenskyy had been demanding, given that his country is being bombarded every day, with significant civilian casualties, and adopted the Putin stance of allowing the war to continue to further freeze his military gains in the crucial Donbas region. SUBSCRIBE TO HOWIE'S MEDIA BUZZMETER PODCAST, A RIFF ON THE DAY'S HOTTEST STORIES But that flexibility – what critics call flip-flopping – has put the president in the position where he has a shot at hammering out a peace agreement, though major obstacles remain. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP So I expect we’ll hear a lot more about how mail-in ballots are horrible and evil in the coming months, though whether he can get his Hill allies to go along is very much an open question. Howard Kurtz is the host of FOX News Channel's MediaBuzz (Sundays 11 AM-12PM/ET). Based in Washington, D.C., he joined the network in 2013 and regularly appears on Special Report with Bret Baier and The Story with Martha MacCallum among other programs. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Rich Lowry cites Trump’s ‘unconventional approach’ to diplomacy after summit with Putin The ‘MediaBuzz’ panel discusses President Donald Trump’s defense of his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min President Trump told Brian Glenn of the conservative Real America’s Voice that he didn’t want to answer his question because it was "off-topic" as he stood there with Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders. Then he proceeded to answer it at great length. The idea, it turns out, began with Vladimir Putin, who has a bit of experience at keeping himself in power, which isn’t all that hard if you’re a dictator. My source? Donald Trump . ZELENSKYY AGREES TO TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING WITHOUT CEASE-FIRE, BUT WILL KREMLIN DICTATOR GO ALONG? President Trump's Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, reportedly told him "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections." (Photo by SERGEY BOBYLEV/POOL/AFP via Getty Images) He said Putin told him that "it's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections," in an interview with Fox’s Sean Hannity. He said Putin told him he won the 2020 election "by so much," as Trump has long claimed, "and you lost it because of mail-in voting. It was a rigged election." Music to the president’s ears. So Trump was ready when a friendly reporter asked the question. Trump slammed mail-in ballots as "corrupt" when asked by a reporter, a position he's maintained since his re-election defeat in 2020. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) "Mail-in ballots are corrupt," he declared. "Mail-in ballots, you can never have a real democracy with mail-in ballots, and we as a Republican Party are going to do everything possible that we get rid of mail-in ballots. We're going to start with an executive order that's being written right now by the best lawyers in the country to end mail-in ballots because they're corrupt." He was just warming up. "And, you know, that we're the only country in the world, I believe I may be wrong, but just about the only country in the world that uses [mail-in ballots] because of what's happened, massive fraud all over the place. The other thing we want, change of the machines. For all of the money they spend, it's approximately 10 times more expensive than paper ballots. And paper ballots are very sophisticated with the watermark paper and everything else, we would get secure elections. We get much faster results, the machines, I mean, they say we're going to have the results in two weeks with paper ballots. You have the results that night. Most people almost have, but most people in many countries use paper ballots. It's the most secure form." A little fact-checking is in order. As Axios points out, many countries around the world have some form of mail-in voting. And millions of Americans who live overseas, such as military families, are eligible for mailing in their ballots. Trump actually doesn’t have the power to do this. While he says the states are an "agent" of the feds, the Constitution says the mechanics of holding elections "shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof." But Congress can change those requirements. Could the president get this through the narrow majorities in both chambers? "It’s a fraud," Trump said, adding: "It's time that the Republicans get tough and stop it because the Democrats want it, it's the only way they can get elected." DONALD TRUMP AS STRONGMAN, RILING UP HIS BASE AND INVESTIGATING HIS ENEMIES Trump even invoked Jimmy Carter. In 2004, a commission set up by the former president and ex-Reagan aide James Baker III concluded that "absentee ballots remain the largest source of potential voter fraud." In 2020, Trump went all-out in favor of mail-in ballots, arguing that they would help Republicans. Of course, he may just have been trying to make the best of the tools already in place. No party believes in unilateral disarmament. But his enthusiasm for mail-in ballots in that election stands in stark contrast to his current stance that they are corrupt and should be banned. Trump wound up telling Brian Glenn, who is dating Marjorie Taylor Greene, "I’m glad you asked that question." In 2020, Trump favored mail-in ballots under the impression they'd help Republicans – a far cry from his current stance. (Getty Images) The president doesn’t let himself be tied down by the rules of consistency that most conventional politicians have to obey. Until last Friday, he was insisting on a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine as a precondition for any peace agreement. After the Alaska summit, he dropped the ceasefire idea that Zelenskyy had been demanding, given that his country is being bombarded every day, with significant civilian casualties, and adopted the Putin stance of allowing the war to continue to further freeze his military gains in the crucial Donbas region. SUBSCRIBE TO HOWIE'S MEDIA BUZZMETER PODCAST, A RIFF ON THE DAY'S HOTTEST STORIES But that flexibility – what critics call flip-flopping – has put the president in the position where he has a shot at hammering out a peace agreement, though major obstacles remain. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP So I expect we’ll hear a lot more about how mail-in ballots are horrible and evil in the coming months, though whether he can get his Hill allies to go along is very much an open question. Howard Kurtz is the host of FOX News Channel's MediaBuzz (Sundays 11 AM-12PM/ET). Based in Washington, D.C., he joined the network in 2013 and regularly appears on Special Report with Bret Baier and The Story with Martha MacCallum among other programs.