close Influencer captures 'near-death experience' when SUV plows into restaurant Influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were eating lunch in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into a window next to their table. YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min One moment, a pair of food influencers were savoring salmon sliders for a YouTube review, and the next they were scrambling for their lives as an SUV exploded through the front window of a Houston, Texas, brunch spot. The cameras were rolling as Nina Santiago, known online as NinaUnrated , and Patrick Blackwood were filming a food review at Cuvée's Culinary Creations in Houston on Saturday. The video captured the food reviewers sampling an array of brunch delicacies when an SUV plowed into the restaurant. Glass exploded across the dining room as the pair scrambled from their booth, ducking for cover while stunned employees froze in place. The video shows staff staring in disbelief as jagged shards rained down, littering the floor in the immediate aftermath. Santiago wrote on Instagram that the glass came "out of nowhere" right as she "bit into a delicious salmon slider." INFLUENCER COUPLE KILLED IN CANADIAN MOUNTAIN CRASH Two influencers are "grateful to be alive" after an SUV crashed through a window next to their table at a Houston, Texas restaurant. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Santiago and Blackwood were taken to the hospital following the incident. The pair documented their emergency room experience, where they were both treated and given stitches before being released. "This is the second accident this month," Santiago said. "The fact that we walked away from both accidents... maybe I'm just delusional right now but I'm just like, it's like I want to break down and cry, and I just can't." "I'm just happy to be alive," the pair repeated throughout their video. The incident happened in Houston at Cuvee's Culinary Creations on Saturday, Aug. 16. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) DIY TOW JOB GOES HORRIBLY WRONG AS RUNAWAY CAR HITS SAME WASHINGTON RESTAURANT MULTIPLE TIMES Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood sat down to review Cuvee's Culinary Creations in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into the brunch spot. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Following their near-death experience, both Santiago and Blackwood took to social media to share their thoughts . "This experience showed me who truly matters; life’s too short for grudges or anger. Let go, forgive, live in the now, and cherish those around you — this could’ve been our last meal," Santiago wrote on her Instagram page. Food influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were filming a YouTube review at a Houston restaurant when an SUV crashed through the window. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Grateful to see another day, walking away from the small stuff with a big purpose! Live bold, love deep, and make every moment count," Blackwood wrote on his Instagram page. The restaurant reposted the video to its Instagram Stories , writing, "It was definitely a crazy weekend at Cuvées. We're just thanking God everyone is safe!" It was not immediately clear what led to the crash. Fox News Digital has reached out to the Houston Police Department for comment. Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a U.S. Writer at Fox News Digital. You can follow her on Twitter and LinkedIn . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Influencer captures 'near-death experience' when SUV plows into restaurant Influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were eating lunch in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into a window next to their table. YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min One moment, a pair of food influencers were savoring salmon sliders for a YouTube review, and the next they were scrambling for their lives as an SUV exploded through the front window of a Houston, Texas, brunch spot. The cameras were rolling as Nina Santiago, known online as NinaUnrated , and Patrick Blackwood were filming a food review at Cuvée's Culinary Creations in Houston on Saturday. The video captured the food reviewers sampling an array of brunch delicacies when an SUV plowed into the restaurant. Glass exploded across the dining room as the pair scrambled from their booth, ducking for cover while stunned employees froze in place. The video shows staff staring in disbelief as jagged shards rained down, littering the floor in the immediate aftermath. Santiago wrote on Instagram that the glass came "out of nowhere" right as she "bit into a delicious salmon slider." INFLUENCER COUPLE KILLED IN CANADIAN MOUNTAIN CRASH Two influencers are "grateful to be alive" after an SUV crashed through a window next to their table at a Houston, Texas restaurant. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Santiago and Blackwood were taken to the hospital following the incident. The pair documented their emergency room experience, where they were both treated and given stitches before being released. "This is the second accident this month," Santiago said. "The fact that we walked away from both accidents... maybe I'm just delusional right now but I'm just like, it's like I want to break down and cry, and I just can't." "I'm just happy to be alive," the pair repeated throughout their video. The incident happened in Houston at Cuvee's Culinary Creations on Saturday, Aug. 16. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) DIY TOW JOB GOES HORRIBLY WRONG AS RUNAWAY CAR HITS SAME WASHINGTON RESTAURANT MULTIPLE TIMES Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood sat down to review Cuvee's Culinary Creations in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into the brunch spot. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Following their near-death experience, both Santiago and Blackwood took to social media to share their thoughts . "This experience showed me who truly matters; life’s too short for grudges or anger. Let go, forgive, live in the now, and cherish those around you — this could’ve been our last meal," Santiago wrote on her Instagram page. Food influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were filming a YouTube review at a Houston restaurant when an SUV crashed through the window. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Grateful to see another day, walking away from the small stuff with a big purpose! Live bold, love deep, and make every moment count," Blackwood wrote on his Instagram page. The restaurant reposted the video to its Instagram Stories , writing, "It was definitely a crazy weekend at Cuvées. We're just thanking God everyone is safe!" It was not immediately clear what led to the crash. Fox News Digital has reached out to the Houston Police Department for comment. Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a U.S. Writer at Fox News Digital. You can follow her on Twitter and LinkedIn . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Influencer captures 'near-death experience' when SUV plows into restaurant Influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were eating lunch in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into a window next to their table. YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min One moment, a pair of food influencers were savoring salmon sliders for a YouTube review, and the next they were scrambling for their lives as an SUV exploded through the front window of a Houston, Texas, brunch spot. The cameras were rolling as Nina Santiago, known online as NinaUnrated , and Patrick Blackwood were filming a food review at Cuvée's Culinary Creations in Houston on Saturday. The video captured the food reviewers sampling an array of brunch delicacies when an SUV plowed into the restaurant. Glass exploded across the dining room as the pair scrambled from their booth, ducking for cover while stunned employees froze in place. The video shows staff staring in disbelief as jagged shards rained down, littering the floor in the immediate aftermath. Santiago wrote on Instagram that the glass came "out of nowhere" right as she "bit into a delicious salmon slider." INFLUENCER COUPLE KILLED IN CANADIAN MOUNTAIN CRASH Two influencers are "grateful to be alive" after an SUV crashed through a window next to their table at a Houston, Texas restaurant. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Santiago and Blackwood were taken to the hospital following the incident. The pair documented their emergency room experience, where they were both treated and given stitches before being released. "This is the second accident this month," Santiago said. "The fact that we walked away from both accidents... maybe I'm just delusional right now but I'm just like, it's like I want to break down and cry, and I just can't." "I'm just happy to be alive," the pair repeated throughout their video. The incident happened in Houston at Cuvee's Culinary Creations on Saturday, Aug. 16. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) DIY TOW JOB GOES HORRIBLY WRONG AS RUNAWAY CAR HITS SAME WASHINGTON RESTAURANT MULTIPLE TIMES Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood sat down to review Cuvee's Culinary Creations in Houston, Texas when an SUV crashed into the brunch spot. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) Following their near-death experience, both Santiago and Blackwood took to social media to share their thoughts . "This experience showed me who truly matters; life’s too short for grudges or anger. Let go, forgive, live in the now, and cherish those around you — this could’ve been our last meal," Santiago wrote on her Instagram page. Food influencers Nina Santiago and Patrick Blackwood were filming a YouTube review at a Houston restaurant when an SUV crashed through the window. (YT@ Unrated EX Files/TMX) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Grateful to see another day, walking away from the small stuff with a big purpose! Live bold, love deep, and make every moment count," Blackwood wrote on his Instagram page. The restaurant reposted the video to its Instagram Stories , writing, "It was definitely a crazy weekend at Cuvées. We're just thanking God everyone is safe!" It was not immediately clear what led to the crash. Fox News Digital has reached out to the Houston Police Department for comment. Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a U.S. Writer at Fox News Digital. You can follow her on Twitter and LinkedIn .