close Explosion rocks North Carolina beach town An explosion caused by a ruptured gas line shook Wilmington, North Carolina, Tuesday morning. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A North Carolina beach town was rocked Tuesday morning when a hit-and-run driver crashed into a veterinary office gas line, triggering a fiery explosion that injured four firefighters. Wilmington Police Department officials said a driver veered off the road and ruptured a gas line near Eastern Carolina Veterinary Medical Center at about 11:30 a.m. The building exploded about 20 minutes later as firefighters searched inside, scattering debris across the busy road and sending a large plume of black smoke into the sky. Debris flew through the air after the explosion Tuesday morning in Wilmington, N.C. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) MIDWEST BIOFUELS PLANT EXPLOSION, BUILDING COLLAPSE LEAVES 3 DEAD, INCLUDING 2 CHILDREN A mayday was called, and four firefighters were injured, according to police. Two firefighters had injuries that were not considered life-threatening, and one has severe burn injuries to the hands. The condition of the fourth firefighter is unknown. Officials said the driver, who has been identified as Jason Lee Beach, 46, of Wilmington, was turning into a car dealership when his vehicle struck the gas lines feeding the building. Video VIRGINIA COUNCILMAN SET ON FIRE WITH GASOLINE BY ATTACKER AT HIS WORKPLACE OFFICE Beach, who appeared to be impaired, allegedly fled and was later arrested , according to police. He was charged with felony driving while impaired, possession of drug paraphernalia, hit-and-run, reckless driving and failure to maintain a lane, according to officials. He is being held under a $100,000 secured bond. Wilmington Fire Department crews battle the blaze Tuesday morning. (Wilmington Fire Department) TRUCK EXPLOSION CAUGHT ON CAMERA IN SUBURBAN CHICAGO NEIGHBORHOOD AS LEAKING PROPANE TO BLAME: OFFICIALS According to the veterinary center's website, the location was about to open next month. The explosion happened less than a mile from the University of North Carolina-Wilmington. The North Carolina Highway Patrol and other federal partners are assisting with the investigation, according to police. Debris is scattered across a roadway in Wilmington, N.C., Tuesday, after a gas leak resulted in a building explosion. (Ken Blevins/Starnews/USA Today Network via Imagn Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Wilmington police and fire departments did not immediately respond to additional inquiries from Fox News Digital. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Explosion rocks North Carolina beach town An explosion caused by a ruptured gas line shook Wilmington, North Carolina, Tuesday morning. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A North Carolina beach town was rocked Tuesday morning when a hit-and-run driver crashed into a veterinary office gas line, triggering a fiery explosion that injured four firefighters. Wilmington Police Department officials said a driver veered off the road and ruptured a gas line near Eastern Carolina Veterinary Medical Center at about 11:30 a.m. The building exploded about 20 minutes later as firefighters searched inside, scattering debris across the busy road and sending a large plume of black smoke into the sky. Debris flew through the air after the explosion Tuesday morning in Wilmington, N.C. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) MIDWEST BIOFUELS PLANT EXPLOSION, BUILDING COLLAPSE LEAVES 3 DEAD, INCLUDING 2 CHILDREN A mayday was called, and four firefighters were injured, according to police. Two firefighters had injuries that were not considered life-threatening, and one has severe burn injuries to the hands. The condition of the fourth firefighter is unknown. Officials said the driver, who has been identified as Jason Lee Beach, 46, of Wilmington, was turning into a car dealership when his vehicle struck the gas lines feeding the building. Video VIRGINIA COUNCILMAN SET ON FIRE WITH GASOLINE BY ATTACKER AT HIS WORKPLACE OFFICE Beach, who appeared to be impaired, allegedly fled and was later arrested , according to police. He was charged with felony driving while impaired, possession of drug paraphernalia, hit-and-run, reckless driving and failure to maintain a lane, according to officials. He is being held under a $100,000 secured bond. Wilmington Fire Department crews battle the blaze Tuesday morning. (Wilmington Fire Department) TRUCK EXPLOSION CAUGHT ON CAMERA IN SUBURBAN CHICAGO NEIGHBORHOOD AS LEAKING PROPANE TO BLAME: OFFICIALS According to the veterinary center's website, the location was about to open next month. The explosion happened less than a mile from the University of North Carolina-Wilmington. The North Carolina Highway Patrol and other federal partners are assisting with the investigation, according to police. Debris is scattered across a roadway in Wilmington, N.C., Tuesday, after a gas leak resulted in a building explosion. (Ken Blevins/Starnews/USA Today Network via Imagn Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Wilmington police and fire departments did not immediately respond to additional inquiries from Fox News Digital. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Explosion rocks North Carolina beach town An explosion caused by a ruptured gas line shook Wilmington, North Carolina, Tuesday morning. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A North Carolina beach town was rocked Tuesday morning when a hit-and-run driver crashed into a veterinary office gas line, triggering a fiery explosion that injured four firefighters. Wilmington Police Department officials said a driver veered off the road and ruptured a gas line near Eastern Carolina Veterinary Medical Center at about 11:30 a.m. The building exploded about 20 minutes later as firefighters searched inside, scattering debris across the busy road and sending a large plume of black smoke into the sky. Debris flew through the air after the explosion Tuesday morning in Wilmington, N.C. (Jordan Branyon/TMX) MIDWEST BIOFUELS PLANT EXPLOSION, BUILDING COLLAPSE LEAVES 3 DEAD, INCLUDING 2 CHILDREN A mayday was called, and four firefighters were injured, according to police. Two firefighters had injuries that were not considered life-threatening, and one has severe burn injuries to the hands. The condition of the fourth firefighter is unknown. Officials said the driver, who has been identified as Jason Lee Beach, 46, of Wilmington, was turning into a car dealership when his vehicle struck the gas lines feeding the building. Video VIRGINIA COUNCILMAN SET ON FIRE WITH GASOLINE BY ATTACKER AT HIS WORKPLACE OFFICE Beach, who appeared to be impaired, allegedly fled and was later arrested , according to police. He was charged with felony driving while impaired, possession of drug paraphernalia, hit-and-run, reckless driving and failure to maintain a lane, according to officials. He is being held under a $100,000 secured bond. Wilmington Fire Department crews battle the blaze Tuesday morning. (Wilmington Fire Department) TRUCK EXPLOSION CAUGHT ON CAMERA IN SUBURBAN CHICAGO NEIGHBORHOOD AS LEAKING PROPANE TO BLAME: OFFICIALS According to the veterinary center's website, the location was about to open next month. The explosion happened less than a mile from the University of North Carolina-Wilmington. The North Carolina Highway Patrol and other federal partners are assisting with the investigation, according to police. Debris is scattered across a roadway in Wilmington, N.C., Tuesday, after a gas leak resulted in a building explosion. (Ken Blevins/Starnews/USA Today Network via Imagn Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Wilmington police and fire departments did not immediately respond to additional inquiries from Fox News Digital. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response.