20 Aug, 2025 16:36 Home World News Peace in Ukraine will destroy the EU establishment The end of the war will shake the bloc up no less than the war itself, propelling the suppressed New Right to power By Tarik Cyril Amar , a historian from Germany working at Koç University, Istanbul, on Russia, Ukraine, and Eastern Europe, the history of World War II, the cultural Cold War, and the politics of memory By Tarik Cyril Amar , a historian from Germany working at Koç University, Istanbul, on Russia, Ukraine, and Eastern Europe, the history of World War II, the cultural Cold War, and the politics of memory @tarikcyrilamar tarikcyrilamar.substack.com tarikcyrilamar.com European leaders attend Vladimir Zelensky's meeting with Donald Trump at the White House. © Win McNamee / Getty Images The prospects for an end to the Ukraine War have never been so good despite continuing if dwindling Western European attempts to play spoiler, and with the exception, of course, of the almost-peace of spring 2022 that the West sabotaged. Since then, there’s been much water – or rather blood – under that bridge not crossed. Now there is a real chance that the presidents of Russia and the US, Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump, will compel – “persuade,” if you wish – both the Zelensky regime in Kiev and its remaining backers in NATO-EU Europe to return to reality: namely, to accept, if tacitly, that Russia is winning the war on the ground and that a later peace will only bring further unnecessary losses for Ukraine and its Western users. Nothing, except death, is certain until it is in the past. This peace is still in the – hopefully near – future. Yet we can already think about its consequences. Regarding the 32 European countries that are either in NATO, the EU, or both, this is usually done with an eye to military posture, foreign policy, and the economy (oddly enough, in that order). How long, for instance, will it take for hysterical predictions of a Russian attack on at least the Baltics if not Warsaw, Berlin, and – who knows – Luxembourg, to wear off? What will happen to the new monster-debt-driven militarism? Will the NATO-EU Europeans ever be sensible enough again to rediscover diplomacy and cooperation with Russia? If so, when? Before or after they finally collapse under the weight of energy prices, deindustrialization, and public debt? The answer to all questions above will depend on how the domestic politics of key European states develop. In that respect, the single most important question is about the future of Europe’s currently rising, even surging New Right (an umbrella term for parties that are commonly labeled, for instance, “right-populist,” “hard right,” or “far right” ). But this logic also works the other way around. If the Ukraine War ends mostly on Moscow’s terms, as now supported even by Washington, this peace will inevitably influence politics inside NATO-EU Europe and in particular the chances of the New Right. Read more From cold war to cold peace: What the Anchorage and White House meetings mean for the world The New Right advance is especially significant in three key countries: France, Germany, and Great Britain. They have in common that their respective New Right parties – Rassemblement National (RN), Reform UK, and Alternative für Deutschland (AfD) – are leading national polls . While this is similar to several other European states, such as Spain and Austria, the British, French, and German cases are special because of their economic and political weight. The New Right surge is by no means new. It has been building for about two decades now, and for some observers, its triumph is already an accomplished fact: It was last spring, in the run-up to EU parliamentary elections, that Politico acknowledged that the “longstanding effort” to keep the New Right out of government was “officially over.” That turned out to be a little premature: In Austria, Germany, and France, current government set-ups are still based on excluding the New Right. Yet sometimes, another word for “premature” is “prophetic.” The pressure from the New Right parties has not slackened but increased. Current measures to ignore their popular backing at all costs have a whiff of despair about them and may fail entirely in the near future. Take, for instance, the cases of Germany and Romania. For Ian Bremer, a popular American geopolitical consultant, commentator, and reliable organ of the Centrist mainstream party line, they stand for success in fending off the New Right . Yet, ironically, both cases are telling, but not for the reasons Bremer imagines. In Germany and Romania, he reminds us, elections this year produced Centrist governments “despite a rise in support for the far right.” What Bremer forgets to mention is that in both cases, these Centrist victories were the outcome of foul play. In Romania , on the fringes of the EU, the methods used were particularly brutal and shameless . A massive challenge from the new right under Calin Georgescu could only be stopped by flagrant lawfare. Without it, Bucharest would already have a New Right president, just like Warsaw. Read more Ukraine has lost over 1.7 million troops – leaked docs In Germany, land of order and rules, things were only a little more subtle. To keep Berlin under Centrist control despite an electoral breakthrough success of the AfD, two things were done, one “merely” against the spirit of the constitution, the other in all likelihood amounting to either literally unbelievable incompetence or deliberate electoral falsification, even if carried out locally. The so-called “firewall” (a euphemism), an establishment policy to treat the AfD unlike all other parties and exclude it from coalition building, is an offense to basic fairness, as well as the German constitution’s substance, since it treats the votes of AfD voters as, in effect, of lesser weight . This makes a real and decisive difference. Without the “firewall,” a New Right-Centrist coalition would already rule in Berlin. The other dirty trick without which the current German government could not have been made was to somehow “misplace” a large number of votes – no one knows exactly how many, because the urgently needed nationwide recount is being stalled – for its insurgent challenger from the Left, Sarah Wagenknecht’s BSW. Otherwise, the BSW would almost certainly have taken enough seats in the new parliament to make the current ruling coalition arithmetically impossible: German democracy has the dubious – yet not unique – distinction of having systematically disadvantaged both its New Right and its new Left Parties to “save” itself from, in effect, the citizens. Add the case of France, another country where an electoral outcome was manipulated shamelessly to, in effect, disenfranchise both New Right and New Left voters, and the question becomes even more obvious. How much more of this kind of chicanery before the word “democracy” loses any meaning it may still have? Crucially, hence, the methods that Europe’s Centrists use to hold back the New Right’s advance undermine Centrist credibility and increase that of the New Right. Not to even speak of the obvious boost that the European New Right is getting from the success of the US variant. So, here we are. Driven by voters’ concerns over immigration, the economy, social and cultural norms, and the general failure of cynical elites to care, Europe’s New Right is on the offensive. Centrist defenses are desperate and counterproductive. And help from “daddy” across the Atlantic won’t come for the Centrists but for the New Right. While its lead is not (yet) overwhelming and the timelines of national elections, as well as complications of coalition building mean it is too early for firm predictions, one thing is certain: there is a real possibility of one or several domestic-politics earthquakes with far-reaching consequences for international politics. Read more What is the ‘coalition of the willing’ – and why it’s falling apart It’s no wonder the Russian leadership makes no secret out of watching attentively , as is its right, in fact duty as a matter of due diligence in foreign policy. Because the obvious question is: what would New Right participation in or even domination of government mean in France, Germany, and Great Britain, the three problem-ridden but still comparatively powerful countries that are home to NATO-EU Europe’s biggest economies and have traditionally set much of the political tone, too? And what would be the effect of an end to the Ukraine War – in effect, a Russian victory – on the New Right’s chances to make these earthquakes happen? In France, Germany, and Great Britain, Centrist politicians and their mainstream media have long charged the New Right with serving Russia. Genuine affinities in ideological and political aims – whether you like or dislike those aims is a different matter – have been maliciously misread as, in effect, nothing but an outcome of Russian subterfuge and bribery. Oddly enough, the same “logic” never applies to the massive, almost indecent overlap of Centrist positions that has produced, for instance, Atlanticism. If Europeans align with Washington’s positions, as the rule implies, that must be their free choice and could not possibly have anything to do with American influence channeled through, for instance, mainstream media, think tanks, and of course covert means as well. But if Europeans even show a desire to at least understand Moscow’s positions, now that simply must be something the big bad Russians made them do. In this regard, an end to the Ukraine War is likely to deprive European Centrists of one of their favorite tools of neo-McCarthyite New Right bashing. In Britain, for instance, the ruling Labour Party has just started a fresh campaign explicitly geared toward damaging Reform UK and its leader Nigel Farage by hammering the local version of the daft Russia-Russia-Russia theme. Read more Six takeaways from a week of Trump’s Ukraine diplomacy In the German AfD, some politicians seen as too close to Russia have just been marginalized to create an overall less Russia-friendly image. And yet, fortunately, that is a surface effect due to media pressure. Witness recent X posts by the AfD’s single most important leader, Alice Weidel. Weidel has not stopped criticizing the aggressive course of the German government and its waste of billions on arming Ukraine . She keeps demanding a normalization with Russia through a realistic foreign policy focused on German national interest . Peace in and over Ukraine is very likely to benefit Europe’s New Right and make life even harder for European Centrists. Centrists will lose one of their main instruments of whipping up war scares among their populations. The New Right will be less vulnerable to smears of being Russia’s fifth column, while its realistic and constructive positions on policy toward Russia will become only more plausible. Finally, once peace happens, the war and those in the West who provoked and prolonged it may finally come under the intense scrutiny they deserve. An honest, critical assessment of the bloody Centrist war folly – including politicians, experts, and mainstream media – would further undermine Centrism’s hold. Everyone knows that the Ukraine War brought great change to Europe. And so may the Ukraine Peace. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on European Union – EU Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 14:17 Home World News Putin ready to meet Zelensky once all issues worked out – Lavrov The Ukrainian leader is pushing for talks with the Russian president to remain in the spotlight, the foreign minister has said Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov attends a news conference with Indian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar in Moscow. © Getty Images / Sergey Guneev Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky once all issues related to a settlement of the conflict are worked out, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said. Following his recent talks with Putin and Zelensky, US President Donald Trump suggested that the Russian and Ukrainian leaders should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. Zelensky, who visited Washington on Monday, claimed he is eager to negotiate with Putin. Lavrov stated on Thursday that the Russian president “repeatedly said that he is ready to meet, including with Zelensky, if there is understanding that all issues that require consideration at the highest level have been worked out thoroughly” by experts and ministers. The Ukrainian leader is pushing for a swift meeting with Putin because he wants to remain in the spotlight and is concerned that the attention of the international community towards him is declining, Lavrov said. Read more Zelensky says meeting with Putin ‘definitely not in Moscow’ The foreign minister noted that Zelensky previously rejected any talks with Putin and even signed a decree in 2022 banning such negotiations, which he still has not canceled. "Clearly, his activity in relation to staging a summit with the Russian leader also has a goal of displaying his supposedly constructive focus on the settlement process, but in reality, it is simply about replacing the serious, hard, difficult work on agreeing the principles of a sustainable resolution of the crisis... with special effects and tricks in the style of KVN and Kvartal 95,” he said, referring to shows in which Zelensky appeared during his time as a comedian. According to Kremlin aide Yury Ushakov, during their phone call on Monday Putin and Trump supported the idea of continuing direct talks between Russia and Ukraine, which restarted in Istanbul in May, and discussed the option of raising the level of officials participating in them. READ MORE: Kiev to replace soldiers with robots – top general Moscow maintains that any lasting settlement must eliminate the root causes of the conflict, address Russia’s security concerns, and recognize current territorial realities, including the status of Crimea and the four former Ukrainian regions that voted to join Russia in 2022. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 13:53 Home World News ‘Daddy’ Trump and Western Europe’s oath of allegiance The EU’s performance of obedience for the US president will haunt future generations By Timofey Bordachev , Program Director of the Valdai Club European leaders attend Vladimir Zelensky's meeting with Donald Trump at the White House. © Win McNamee / Getty Images American politics has always been part performance, part power play. Domestic and foreign policy alike are wrapped in spectacle, but the drama often conceals deeper realities. This week’s meeting between Donald Trump and Western Europe’s leading politicians in Washington was a vivid example. What looked like theatre – leaders lined up in the Oval Office, each playing their role – carried consequences of genuine strategic weight. The real subject of the summit was not Ukraine. Attempts to resolve that conflict continue, but its outcome will be determined far from Brussels, Paris, or Berlin. The central lesson of Washington was the EU’s dependence – and its public acceptance of subordination to American leadership. The White House gathering laid bare the infantilization of Western Europe. NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte is said to have previously described Trump as “Daddy,” and the metaphor has stuck. The Europeans behaved as children trying not to provoke a temper: flattering, nodding, adapting themselves to his moods. There were even reports of EU and British officials advising Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky on how to thank the American president, what words to use, even what clothes to wear. Absurd? Perhaps. But this is the political reality of the West today: the EU no longer behaves as a political entity with its own agency. Its leaders perform before Trump in hopes of appeasement. Read more Fyodor Lukyanov: Trump dominated and humiliated the EU. Publicly The context has shifted To be fair, Washington has never shown great delicacy in dealing with its allies. From De Gaulle to Schroeder, European leaders have often found their views brushed aside by American presidents. But the context is new. Facing unprecedented competition with China and with its ability to skim rents from globalization fading, and under pressure from shifting energy and trade patterns, Washington no longer feels compelled to show even symbolic respect for Western Europe. The only alternative for the US would be full-scale self-isolation – a path floated in the last election but one for which Americans remain unprepared. On the contrary, despite its weakness, Europe now represents Washington’s last major platform for maintaining global influence. In the Middle East, even monarchies traditionally dependent on American defense are asserting independence. Across Asia, only Japan and South Korea remain fully loyal, though even they quietly maintain contact with Moscow. Thus, the Americans must finish what previous administrations began: breaking Western Europe completely to their will. Trump, with his showmanship, has simply made the process more theatrical and humiliating. The oath of allegiance The Washington meeting crystallized this reality. The leaders of Britain, Germany, France, and Italy – the core of Western Europe – were required to stand on stage and sign a statement endorsing US policy on Ukraine. The heads of the EU and NATO joined in. Each leader searched for his or her own words of submission, and all found them. What looked absurd was in fact deadly serious. It was not about Ukraine’s fate – Kiev is merely a bargaining chip. It was about these European leaders publicly renouncing their autonomy. In practice, it was an oath of allegiance to Washington. Read more From cold war to cold peace: What the Anchorage and White House meetings mean for the world Consequences for Russia From Russia’s perspective, three conclusions follow. First, the EU and Great Britain cease to exist as independent actors. After the Cold War, it was briefly fashionable to speak of European strategic autonomy. As late as 2003, Germany and France opposed the US invasion of Iraq. Today, such defiance is unimaginable. Western Europe has become an appendage of the United States. Second, Russia’s strategy towards the region must change. For years, Moscow calculated that other European states, though dependent, could still act with partial independence and might support Russian interests under the right circumstances. Indeed, Russia’s most serious clashes with the West occurred when Western unity fractured. That assumption can no longer stand. Western Europe is now firmly absorbed into Washington’s orbit – a cog in a larger American machine. Third, Russia and China must reassess their approach. Beijing still regards the EU as a potential neutral partner in its rivalry with Washington. But the Oval Office spectacle shows this is an illusion. Treating Western Europe as independent risks undermining the strategic interests of both Russia and China. The same applies to India and other BRICS partners who maintain strong ties to states in the region: they, too, must rethink their assumptions. America adapts, Western Europe submits The contrast is stark. The United States, for all its flaws, adapts to changing realities. Having poured resources into Kiev, it is now adjusting course, quietly abandoning the aim of “strategically defeating” Russia. This was signaled in Trump’s recent call with Vladimir Putin, which hinted at steps toward a settlement. Washington will continue to rely on force, but it shows flexibility when needed. Read more Peace in Ukraine will destroy the EU establishment Western Europe, by contrast, lacks this capacity. It flatters, submits, and waits for orders. The very spectacle of the White House meeting ensures that future generations of EU and British politicians will be conditioned to obedience. Having once bent the knee, they will not easily stand upright again. The price of subjugation History shows they were not always so timid. In the early 1980s, even amid Cold War tensions, Western Europeans defended their energy ties with Moscow against Reagan’s objections. They did so not out of love for the USSR, but because it suited their own interests. That clarity of purpose has vanished. Today, the EU cannot even articulate what its interests are. The result is not partnership but neurosis: a half-continent trapped between the rhetoric of autonomy and the reality of subjugation. For Russia, this is both a challenge and an opportunity. A Western Europe that no longer knows itself cannot be a true adversary. It can only act as America’s proxy. A serious show The White House pageantry may have looked farcical. In truth, it marked the completion of the EU’s transformation from ally to subordinate. The bloc is no longer a partner to Russia or China, but an extension of American power. For Moscow, the lesson is clear: the west of Europe is lost, and strategy must be recalibrated accordingly. Behind the absurd theatre was a serious message – one that Russia, China, and the rest of the non-Western world would be foolish to ignore. ANALYSIS You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 13:43 Home World News US masking attempt to control Latin America with ‘drug war’ – Bolivian president Luis Arce slammed the recent deployment of American armed forces in the southern Caribbean region FILE PHOTO: President of Bolivia Luis Arce Catacora © Getty Images / Agencia Makro / Contributor Washington is using the so-called war on drugs as a cover for seeking political and economic domination in Latin America, Bolivian President Luis Arce claimed on Wednesday. He strongly criticized the US military deployment to the southern Caribbean, calling it an attempt to control the region rather than genuinely combat narcotics trafficking. The US sent air and naval forces to the southern Caribbean Sea earlier this month in what the White House called part of a broader campaign against drug trafficking groups operating in Latin America, particularly those linked to Venezuela. “We know that behind this failed international war on drugs lies the real objective to geopolitically control Latin America for its natural resources and to dismantle organized peoples, so that we cannot follow our own sovereign path,” Arce said, speaking via video link at the 13th Extraordinary Summit of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America. The Bolivian leader also called on the US government to address the root causes of drug trafficking at home, urging it to curb domestic demand for narcotics and dismantle the arms industry and the shallow culture that, he argued, sustains the drug trade. Arce also decried Washington’s latest steps against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro as an insult to regional sovereignty and a direct attack on a democratically elected leader. READ MORE: Trump secretly prepares military action against drug cartels – NYT Last month, the US administration expanded its crackdown by designating the Venezuela-based Cartel de los Soles as a criminal organization, alleging that it is personally led by Maduro and includes other senior officials in his government and military. Maduro, who was indicted on federal drug charges by a US court in 2020 during Trump’s first term, has consistently denied the accusations, calling them politically motivated and part of Washington’s broader campaign to topple his government. Earlier this month, tensions escalated further after the US Justice and State Departments announced a doubling of the reward for information leading to Maduro’s arrest, raising it to $50 million, while also claiming the Venezuelan leader is now collaborating with the Tren de Aragua and Sinaloa cartels. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on US Venezuela Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy