Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print ECNS Wire Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 16:11:11 Ecns.cn Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download (ECNS) — Renowned Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passed away at 62 in Beijing in the early hours of Tuesday due to illness, according to a notice released by singer Huang An. Huang recalled in the obituary that he and Qian had known each other for 47 years since their high school days in Hsinchu, Taiwan. He said Qian played a key role in launching his singing career in 1979, when she recommended him during a restaurant audition. "She was such a kind person, never with malice. I believe her path to heaven will be smooth," Huang wrote. Yuan, a former staff member of Qian's management company, said that the singer's health had been deteriorating in recent years. She suffered a fall around May this year and had been recuperating in Beijing. According to Yuan, her family plans to hold the funeral on Saturday. "She was very kind-hearted. We hope everyone will remember her with kind words," he said. Qian rose to fame in the 1980s with popular songs such as Walking Past the Coffee House and When I Miss You , which resonated widely among audiences in Taiwan, the Chinese mainland, and Southeast Asia. In November 2021, Qian shared a short video on social media, proudly displaying her mainland ID card, which she said she had obtained more than two decades earlier. She expressed her pride in witnessing the Chinese mainland's rapid development over the past 20 years, describing the changes as the result of "solid efforts, built step by step." Qian also recounted buying a red ring set with small diamonds to commemorate receiving the ID card, saying the sparkling stones reminded her of the stars on the national flag. (By Evelyn) More Photo Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Regio Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Top news China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development Shanghai launches Robotaxi service between airport and Disneyland Tianjin unveils city video ahead of 2025 SCO Summit Xizang sees surge of per-capita disposable income Xizang's regional GDP reaches 276.5 billion yuan in 2024 More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]