Shuttle goes extra mile to help disabled boy 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Feature Shuttle goes extra mile to help disabled boy Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 13:26:37 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download A special "compassionate bus stop" was recently established in Xiangyang, Hubei province, for a boy with cerebral palsy to commute between his home and school despite concerns over costs. Mei Meng (left) and a teacher of Qisheng Special Education and Training School help Shang Zhipeng get off the bus in Xiangyang, Hubei province. (Photo/China Daily) It's extremely rare to set up a bus stop for a single individual. Behind it is a commitment lasting more than three years, telling a warmhearted story about a city's care for the vulnerable group and the trust between strangers. Every day at 7 am, the boy, Shang Zhipeng, 15, and his mother Jiang Feifei wait for bus route 73 at its starting station. Shang gets on, swipes his bus card, and waves goodbye to his mother. With the driver Mei Meng holding his arm, Shang sits down on the seat at the right rear of the driver, so that Mei can keep an eye on him through the mirror. "This child is special. We need to maintain his safety at all times," Mei said. One hour later, while all the passengers get off at the route's terminal station, Shang stays back. After five minutes, the bus arrives at the "compassionate bus stop" near Qisheng Special Education and Training School. Mei helps him get off and entrusts his care to the boy's teachers. "The first time I saw Shang and his mother was in February 2022. I noticed that the child didn't move very smoothly, and the mother always nodded off. I then talked to them, learning that the mother had to work at night and escorted the boy to school and home in the daytime, feeling exhausted," Mei said, adding they had to walk 2 kilometers to the school after alighting at the terminal station. Since March 2022, Mei and his colleagues have volunteered to pick up the child at 7 am from the starting station and the school at around 5 pm. Since the special school doesn't have summer and winter vacations, he and his colleagues have completed more than 1,600 trips in more than 800 days. "I understand how difficult life can be for a family with a child with intellectual disabilities. I hope to ease their hardships. I want the child to feel cared for and the family to see the kindness and support of society," Mei said, adding that he has a child of roughly the same age as Shang. Mei once visited their home in summer and was struck by the cramped living space. There was no air conditioner, and the stifling heat had turned the mother's face red. "Though I couldn't offer much materially, I could at least ensure Shang's safety on his way to school, easing some of his mother's burdens and supporting the family in my own way," he said. Jiang said Mei told her they can accompany the boy on the bus so she can take a rest. "When Mei offered to help, I was, of course, grateful and happy, but also a little worried. After all, the child's condition is special, and Mei and the others were volunteering out of goodwill. If anything went wrong, it would be hard to explain. But to my surprise, Mei was incredibly responsible," she said. Mei cleans the sign of "compassionate bus stop" in Xiangyang. (Photo/China Daily) Previously, Jiang had to accompany the child on the bus, which disrupted her normal work schedule and sleep. Getting off the bus, they still had to walk about 20 minutes, and rainy days made it even harder. She said now she hardly worries about the child's commute. Since the drivers took over, she has quit the night shift job and found daytime work near home. "Life has become much easier," she added. "For families like ours, it's nearly impossible to hire someone to escort our child — we can't afford to pay too much, but pay too little, and no one is willing to take the responsibility. So Mei's kindness meant the world to me. He treated my child as his own, often bringing snacks and fruits," she said. Jiang remembered a time, just before International Children's Day, when Shang was sick and couldn't go to school. Yet Mei had prepared a gift in advance. When Shang received it, he was overjoyed — hugging him, kissing him, and dancing. "Even though he struggles with expressing emotions, his happiness was unmistakable. That gift was cherished for days," she said. Jiang said this experience made her aware that there are good, kindhearted people in society, and it gives her renewed hope for the child's future. "I'm truly grateful," she added. Though the 4-km extra route daily for a single passenger entails an extra cost, Huang Yong, deputy manager of Mei's company, the second branch of Xiangyang Public Transport Group, said: "As long as we can let the child go to school safely, it's worthwhile." It's the first "compassionate bus stop" in the city. Related news More jobs, labor protections offered for disabled people 2025-07-17 China promotes high-tech solutions for disability support 2025-07-24 More Photo Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Regio Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Top news Lunar basin formation period altered Stressed-out Chinese adults turn to adult pacifiers for anxiety relief (W.E. Talk) China-Europe cooperation: Achieving together, illuminating the world Xi attends grand gathering to celebrate Xizang Autonomous Region's 60th founding anniversary V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]