Live updates: Trump paused White House summit for Putin call, sources say | CNN Politics
info
The top numbered articles will be viewable to readers when programmed onto a page. Make sure you have 30 or more cards added to the container for the machine learning (ML) feature to work. Your queued up articles, seen in the violet section, will use ML to surface up relevant content to the reader based on their individual interests and preferences.
Live Updates
Trump paused White House summit for Putin call, sources say
By Kathleen Magramo, Lauren Kent, Tim Lister, Christian Edwards, Maureen Chowdhury, Aditi Sangal and Elise Hammond, CNN
Updated
5:58 PM EDT, Mon August 18, 2025
Video Ad Feedback
Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin
01:34
- Source:
CNN
Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin
01:34
• High-stakes talks: President Donald Trump has resumed his meeting on Ukraine in a “leaders only” format in the Oval Office after gathering earlier with European leaders who joined Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for a high-stakes summit on ending the war.
• Call to Putin: Trump paused his negotiations at one point to call Russian President Vladimir Putin, a European official told CNN. The source said the Europeans were not present for the conversation.
• Trilateral talks: During earlier remarks, Trump said security guarantees and land concessions would be discussed. The US president also said he expects a trilateral meeting to happen between himself, Putin and Zelensky.
• On the ground: Earlier, Zelensky condemned Russia’s latest strikes across Ukraine, which killed at least 10 people, saying the Kremlin intends to “humiliate diplomatic efforts” and underscores “why reliable security guarantees are required.”
99 Posts
Negotiations between US President Donald Trump and European leaders have resumed at the Oval Office in a “leaders only” format, said Serhiy Nykyforov, a spokesperson to President Volodymyr Zelensky.
A White House official confirmed that Zelensky and European leaders are currently in the Oval Office with Trump.
Link Copied!
President Donald Trump makes remarks as he participates in meeting with European Leaders in the East Room of the White House in Washington, DC, on Monday.
Aaron SchwartzPress Association//AP
US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke after Trump paused his meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and other European leaders on Monday, a source familiar with the matter told CNN.
The source said the Europeans were not present for the conversation.
A European official told CNN that Trump paused the negotiations with the European leaders and Zelensky in order to call Putin. The news was first reported by German newspaper Bild, who reported the talks with European leaders would continue after the call with Putin at the White House.
Link Copied!
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Dan Caine and his staff have been involved in working through potential security guarantees for Ukraine ahead of today’s meetings at the White House, according to a source familiar with the planning.
European governments are also holding similar discussions, the source added.
They did not provide details on what possibilities for US involvement are under discussion.
While Trump declined to rule out sending US troops to Ukraine, the source familiar with the planning process noted that the important part of the president’s comments was his apparent willingness to be involved in some way. Caine’s involvement in the planning process would appear to further demonstrate that the US is seriously prepared to help.
Caine and Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth were both at the White House today while Trump met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders, a US defense official told CNN.
A Pentagon spokesperson declined to comment on Caine’s role in the planning process related to security guarantees for Ukraine. CNN reached out to the White House for comment.
Link Copied!
The White House meeting between President Donald Trump and European leaders has ended, but leaders are staying in the White House to continue negotiations, possibly in a different format, said Serhiy Nykyforov, President Volodymyr Zelensky’s spokesperson.
A White House official also said the multilateral meeting with European leaders and Zelensky had ended, but did not address if any further talks would continue.
Link Copied!
Video Ad Feedback
Hot mic catches Trump telling Macron he thinks Putin "wants to make a deal for me"
00:10
- Source:
CNN
Hot mic catches Trump telling Macron he thinks Putin "wants to make a deal for me"
00:10
Ahead of the multilateral meeting, President Donald Trump was caught on a hot mic saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to reach a resolution to the war for him.
Trump is also heard talking about setting up a trilateral meeting between Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, which Trump has publicly said he believes will happen.
Link Copied!
European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, from left, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, Finland's President Alexander Stubb, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President Donald Trump, France's President Emmanuel Macron, Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, Germany's Chancellor Friedrich Merz and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte stand before a group photo in the Grand Foyer of the White House, on Monday in Washington, DC.
Alex Brandon/AP
Standing with President Donald Trump in Alaska on Friday, President Vladimir Putin warned Ukraine and European nations not to “throw a wrench” in what he called important progress.
This was a classic attempt to split the Western alliance.
Monday’s White House meeting was Europe’s answer.
It felt historic, stirring echoes of the great allied gatherings that ended World War II.
The European leaders dropped everything to rush to Washington because they were alarmed at what happened in Alaska, which reinforced their doubts about the constancy of an American president who has frequently berated NATO.
But this was the way the West is supposed to work.
Each European leader asked to speak by Trump addressed a separate issue. French President Emmanuel Macron said Trump’s proposed three-way summit with Putin and Zelensky should have a fourth seat — for Europe. German Chancellor Friedrich Merz pushed for the ceasefire that Putin has refused, with Trump’s acquiescence. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer raised the importance of security guarantees for Ukraine modeled on NATO’s mutual defense clause.
It was a remarkable show of unity from leaders spanning the ideological spectrum from liberal centrists like Macron to the populist conservative Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni. EU-deserter Britain stood firm with its partners across the water. Trump’s visitors were deeply prepared and displayed synergy that a diverse bloc almost never musters.
Trump’s visitors said he’d gone further than anyone with his peace effort. They were striving to construct a political and even emotional rationale for a pliable president to stay engaged in the long term for a truly just peace, rather than the one Putin wants.
None of this will bridge the many apparently irreconcilable differences between Russia and Ukraine.
But you can be sure Putin was watching.
Link Copied!
Ukrainian parliament member Kira Rudik appears on CNN on Monday.
CNN
Ukraine does not support redrawing its borders because it means “giving up on the lives that we have lost for it,” Ukrainian parliament member Kira Rudik told CNN.
Rudik also said that bringing peace to Ukraine would need security guarantees, which would act as a deterrence because the understanding is that “Russia would attack us again.”
Link Copied!
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy listens during a meeting with US President Donald Trump and European leaders.
Alexander Drago/Reuters
As European leaders showered praise on US President Donald Trump for seeking an end to the war, they also all sought to advance a more delicate argument that Trump has resisted at times in the past: Supporting peace means first supporting Ukraine.
“If we want to reach peace and if we want to guarantee justice, we have to do it united,” Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni told Trump. “We are on the side of Ukraine.”
“It’s team Europe and team United States helping Ukraine,” Finnish President Alexander Stubb added shortly afterward.
The subtle push came as European allies sought to re-establish Trump’s full support for Ukraine in the war against Russia, especially following a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin that the US leader touted as “very warm.”
Trump in the past has also suggested that Ukraine may need to make significant concessions to secure peace, deepening concerns among Ukraine and the Europeans that he might grow impatient with the sluggish pace of negotiations and push for a peace deal that the rest of the alliance doesn’t support.
But as he prepared to talk over the finer points of a potential agreement, Trump at least for now appeared mostly aligned with Ukraine and the leaders in front of him.
“I just look forward to working and having a great result,” he said. “We’re really honored you guys came over.”
Link Copied!
Russian President Vladimir Putin was not at the table with President Donald Trump, European leaders and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky this afternoon, but his point of view was hardly missing.
“I’ve known him for a long time, I’ve always had a great relationship with him,” Trump said of his Russian counterpart. “I think President Putin wants to find an answer, too. We’ll see.”
Even as Trump sounded like he was speaking for Putin, few of the European leaders gathered at the White House on Monday even mentioned him by name. While the Russian leader is at the center of it all — and will largely determine Ukraine’s fate — it remains an open question whether Putin is nearly as focused on reaching a peace accord as Trump has repeatedly suggested.
Trump said he expected a trilateral meeting would soon take place between Russia, Ukraine and the United States.
“I think it’s going to be when,” Trump said, “not if.”
But the when could be a question that indicates far more than timing. It will suggest the degree to which Putin is serious about negotiating an end to the war — or simply trying to buy time, as many critics suspect.
Trump struck an optimistic tone, but allowed himself room for disappointment.
“It’s possible it might not be able to be done. On the other hand, it’s possible that it will,” Trump said, adding: “We have to give it our best. That’s all you can do.”
Link Copied!
Monica Crowley, White House chief of protocol,  walks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, US President Donald Trump, France's President Emmanuel Macron, Germany's Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte in the Cross Hall of the White House, on Monday.
Alex Brandon/AP
US President Donald Trump, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and several top European leaders are now meeting at the White House to discuss a possible end to the war in Ukraine.
One of the key topics on the agenda is security guarantees for Ukraine.
European leaders are also expected to push for Trump to join them in taking a hard line with Russian President Vladimir Putin to avoid future conflicts.
Before they went behind closed doors, the leaders made remarks to the assembled media:
Trump: The US president said the leaders would discuss “who will do what” as part of security guarantees for Ukraine and signaled a resolution would be reached today. Trump also said “possible exchanges of territory” to end the war is up for discussion. Looking ahead, Trump said he would call Putin later today to set up a trilateral meeting between himself, the Russian leader and Zelensky.
Zelensky: Ukraine’s president said he had a “very good conversation” with Trump earlier in the day. They discussed security guarantees and humanitarian concerns, he said. The Ukrainian president also said he would be happy to have Trump at a trilateral meeting with him and Putin.
French President Emmanuel Macron: The leader of France pushed the idea that there should be a European leader present at a meeting with Putin. “When we speak about security guarantees, we speak about the whole security of the European continent,” he said.
NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte: Trump offering US support in security guarantees for Ukraine was a “breakthrough” to securing peace, Rutte said. He also thanked Trump for “breaking the deadlock” and bringing Putin to the table.
German Chancellor Friedrich Merz: When Trump met with Putin in Alaska last week, it opened a path for more serious negotiations, the German leader said. Merz reiterated that the European leaders are eager to see a ceasefire before more talks are held — something Trump has questioned whether “it’s necessary.”
Finnish President Alexander Stubb: Finland’s leader praised progress Trump made in talks to resolve the war. He pointed to the symbolic nature of the leaders gathering to discuss security guarantees for Ukraine.
British Prime Minister Keir Starmer: The “Coalition of the Willing” — Ukraine’s main European allies — are “prepared to step up to the plate” to ensure Ukraine’s security, he said.
Link Copied!
British Prime Minister Keir Starmer speaks during a meeting with President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
Alex Brandon/AP
British Prime Minister Keir Starmer said Monday’s meeting with US President Donald Trump could be a “historic step” for Ukraine and Europe’s security.
The British leader said Trump’s indication of “Article-5 style” security guarantees corresponds with the work the “Coalition of the Willing” — Ukraine’s main European allies — has been doing for the past months.
He added the coalition is “prepared to step up to the plate” when it comes to ensuring  Ukraine’s security.
What is NATO Article 5? It’s the “collective defense” part of the alliance’s treaty, which stipulates that an attack against one is considered an attack against all the allies and members will take mutual action.
Trump has previously been dismissive of Kyiv’s frequent calls for security guarantees — some way to ensure that Russia won’t violate a ceasefire agreement or renew its offensive in Ukraine in a few years.
Link Copied!
President Donald Trump said he planned to bring European leaders back to the Oval Office before they depart today, an add to the schedule that a White House official attributed to the fact that “everything is going well.”
Trum met with those leaders and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in the East Room of the White House this afternoon. A visit to the Oval Office was not originally on the schedule.
It’s currently unclear if that meeting will remain private or open to the press.
Link Copied!
While President Donald Trump said a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine is preferable, he questioned whether “it’s necessary,” given he believes a broader peace deal can come to fruition in the “near future.”
“All of us would obviously prefer an immediate ceasefire while we work on a lasting peace. And maybe something like that could happen. As of this moment, it’s not happening,” Trump said while sitting alongside European leaders at the White House. He added that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin can discuss the matter.
At the table, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz advocated for a ceasefire agreement before a trilateral meeting with Trump, Zelensky and Putin.
“We all would like to see a ceasefire. … I can’t imagine that the next meeting would take place without a ceasefire. So let’s work on that, and let’s try to put pressure on Russia as a result of a potential trilateral meeting,” Merz said.
Reminder: On his way to Alaska to meet Putin last week, Trump said, “I want to see a ceasefire rapidly. I don’t know if it’s going to be today, but I’m not going to be happy if it’s not today.”
After the Alaska meeting, Trump backed off on his push for a ceasefire, instead seeking a full peace deal — which could take much longer to hash out.
Link Copied!
From left: European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, Finland's President Alexander Stubb, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte and meet with US President Donald Trump.
Alexander Drago/Reuters
Finnish President Alexander Stubb praised US President Donald Trump for the progress made in talks to resolve Russia’s war in Ukraine.
“I think in the past two weeks, we’ve probably had more progress in ending this war than we have in the past three and a half years,” he said today, pointing to the symbolic nature of the leaders gathering to discuss security guarantees for Ukraine.
Stubb reminded listeners that his country, Finland, shares a border with Russia for over 800 miles. He also nodded to the two countries’ shared history. Finland was an autonomous part of the Russian empire from 1809 to 1917.
More context: Finland joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in April 2023, after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022 drove the formerly non-aligned country to abandon its neutrality and seek protection within the US-led alliance.
Link Copied!
Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, left, and Germany's Chancellor Friedrich Merz participate in a meeting with President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
Alex Brandon/AP
“The path is open” for more serious negotiations to be held on the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said during a meeting with US President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky at the White House.
Merz said that Trump opened that path after the US president met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska on Friday.
“Now the way is open for complicated negotiations,” he said.
Merz reiterated that the European leaders are eager to see a ceasefire before more talks are held.
“I can’t imagine that the next meeting will take place without a ceasefire,” he said. “So let’s work on that.”
Link Copied!
NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte says US President Donald Trump’s offer of security guarantees for Ukraine amounts to a “breakthrough” in securing a potential peace deal for Ukraine.
“The fact that you have said ‘I am willing to participate in the security guarantees’ is a big step, it’s really a breakthrough, and it makes all the difference. So also thank you for that,” Rutte said to Trump in a multilateral meeting alongside Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders in the White House.
Speaking earlier in the Oval Office alongside Zelensky, Trump did not immediately rule out sending US troops to Ukraine to help maintain a potential peace deal. “We’ll let you know that, maybe later today,” Trump said.
Rutte also thanked the American president for “breaking the deadlock” and successfully bringing Russian President Vladimir Putin to the table for peace talks.
Link Copied!
France's President Emmanuel Macron and President Donald Trump speak during a meeting.
Alex Brandon/AP
As President Donald Trump pushes toward a three-way meeting between himself, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, French President Emmanuel Macron offers an idea: a European leader at the table as well.
“I think as a follow up, we would need probably a quadrilateral meeting. Because when we speak about security guarantees, we speak about the whole security of the European continent,” he said.
It seems unlikely Trump will warm to that idea, at least in the near term, as he works toward ending the war.
But Macron’s point underscores how much is at stake not only for Ukraine in today’s talks, but also the rest of Europe.
Link Copied!
Here’s something to look out for in the coming hours.
After meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin last week and putting the onus on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to make peace, how does Donald Trump act after the Oval Office talks with the Ukrainian leader and wider discussions with European leaders?
Does he set himself up as a third-party broker seeking a landing spot that both Russia and Ukraine could live with? Or is he a stronger advocate for Moscow after adopting Putin’s opposition to an immediate ceasefire?
This is important because all the parties have different goals.
Ukraine’s interest is in survival, maintaining its sovereignty and deterring future Russian attacks by retaining a strong post-war military.
Europe agrees on that but also needs to defuse the biggest threat to its security since the Cold War by depriving Putin of validation for his illegal invasion and land grabs.
Putin wants to destroy Ukraine’s hopes of joining the West while dismantling its military, and to lock in territorial gains in a conflict that is existential for his legacy.
Trump, meanwhile, wants a swift peace he can bill as a win. He doesn’t seem that worried about the details.
If the president can stay patient and reconcile all these strands, he’ll deserve his Nobel Peace Prize.
Link Copied!
US President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, during their meeting in the Oval Office on Monday.
Kevin Lamarque/Reuters
President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky both need each other in this moment.
Trump is desperate for a trilateral meeting with Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin, believing it could bring about an end to the war in Ukraine. Trump promised he could end the conflict as soon as he entered office, which, by his own admission, has been more difficult than he thought. He can’t get there without Zelensky’s buy-in on any potential concessions to Russia.
Zelensky, meanwhile, needs key security assurances and protections for Ukraine from the US if he is going to make concessions to end the war.
The current dynamic may not lead to long-lasting peace. But it certainly has led to much more cordial relations between the two leaders as talks progress.
Link Copied!
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy speaks during a meeting in the East Room of the White House, on Monday.
Alex Brandon/AP
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he had a “very good conversation” with US President Donald Trump ahead of their multilateral meeting with other European leaders.
“I think that we had a very good conversation with President Trump,” he said. “We spoke about very sensitive points.”
This is what he laid out:
Security guarantees: He said he is very happy that Ukraine’s security on the leaders in the room.
Humanitarian concerns: He said he is thankful to Trump and the US first lady for writing a letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin about Ukraine’s abducted children.
Trilateral meeting: In the event that Russia agrees to a trilateral meeting, Zelensky said he will be happy to have Trump there.
Link Copied!
Ad Feedback
Ad Feedback
Ad Feedback
Privacy PolicyFor privacy options, please see our privacy policy:https://www.cnn.com/privacy.Cookie List  checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Legal Terms and PrivacyBy clicking "Agree", you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and agree to the collection and use of your information by cookies and similar technologies, as set forth in our Privacy Policy.Agree