Featured Content Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends While details of the agreement are not clear, the flight attendant union said that ‘unpaid work is over’. US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Photos: Entire church moved in Sweden’s Kiruna city for mine expansion This gallery article has 7 images 7 UK agrees to drop mandate for Apple ‘back door’, US spy chief says MSNBC reveals new name as part of corporate divorce from NBC Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends While details of the agreement are not clear, the flight attendant union said that ‘unpaid work is over’. US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Photos: Entire church moved in Sweden’s Kiruna city for mine expansion This gallery article has 7 images 7 UK agrees to drop mandate for Apple ‘back door’, US spy chief says MSNBC reveals new name as part of corporate divorce from NBC Air Canada CEO says ‘amazed’ striking workers are disregarding work order A leader for the striking union says he would risk jail time rather than allow crew to be forced back to work. EXPLAINER Republicans say price report is a boon; Democrats say bust. Who’s right? Republicans highlight the positives, Democrats the negatives in latest US CPI report; experts say the data is mixed. Air Canada flight attendants to continue strike despite government order Workers at Canada’s flagship carrier defy back-to-work order as they stage first strike in 40 years. EXPLAINER Can Putin sway Trump with economic offers in Alaska? Putin will hope to appeal to Trump’s business instincts by discussing economic ties alongside the future of Ukraine. EXPLAINER Why is South Africa’s army chief under fire for backing Iran? General Rudzani Maphwanya’s comments in Iran come as South Africa is trying to negotiate tariff relief with Trump. US government in talks to take stake in Intel: Report Talks for an undisclosed stake come days after President Donald Trump called for Intel’s CEO to resign. ‘Going to be good for 90 years’: Trump defends record on Social Security To mark Social Security’s 90th anniversary, the US president pledged to ‘defend’ the programme, despite criticisms. EXPLAINER Air Canada has cancelled flights as a strike looms. Here’s what it means A possible strike by flight attendants has resulted in a scheduled lockout that may affect 130,000 passengers each day. Women with AI ‘boyfriends’ mourn lost love after ‘cold’ ChatGPT upgrade OpenAI’s release of GPT-5 prompts backlash in online communities for people with AI companions. US Supreme Court declines to pause new Mississippi social media law The challenge brought on by the trade group alleges that the age verification law is a violation of free speech