Featured Content Mexican boxer Julio Cesar Chavez Jr deported from US: Authorities Former champion boxer Chavez Jr is deported by the US, facing charges of arms trafficking and organised crime in Mexico. Spain battles major fires even as heatwave eases with lower temperatures US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends EXPLAINER M23-DR Congo peace talks in Doha stalled: What next? Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Real Madrid vs Osasuna – La Liga Ukraine hit by multiple Russian strikes amid US-led push for end to war Pakistan restores electricity, reopens roads after floods kill hundreds EXPLAINER What US, Europe security guarantees for Ukraine could look like Mexican boxer Julio Cesar Chavez Jr deported from US: Authorities Former champion boxer Chavez Jr is deported by the US, facing charges of arms trafficking and organised crime in Mexico. Spain battles major fires even as heatwave eases with lower temperatures US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends EXPLAINER M23-DR Congo peace talks in Doha stalled: What next? Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Real Madrid vs Osasuna – La Liga Ukraine hit by multiple Russian strikes amid US-led push for end to war Pakistan restores electricity, reopens roads after floods kill hundreds EXPLAINER What US, Europe security guarantees for Ukraine could look like Iraq, Lebanon intel cooperation leads to destruction of Captagon factory Lebanese army discovered a factory in the eastern Bekaa Valley with large amounts of the addictive stimulant inside. Israel attacks displacement shelters to force Palestinians to southern Gaza Israel is ethnically cleansing the central neighborhood of Zeitoun in Gaza by bombing homes and displacement centres. EXPLAINER How Trump falsely claims US is the ‘only country’ that uses mail-in voting Trump opposes postal voting, claiming inaccuracies, but many countries use the system. EXPLAINER Why does Russia want Ukraine’s Donbas region? Russia seeks Donbas for strategic, economic, and symbolic purposes, but experts say Moscow’s claims are dubious. Photos: Entire church moved in Sweden’s Kiruna city for mine expansion The relocation of the 113-year-old church is part of a 30-year project to move about 3,000 homes in the city. This gallery article has 7 images 7 Gill, Bumrah selected for India’s Asia Cup 2025 squad; Jaiswal ignored Test skipper Shubman Gill and Jasprit Bumrah made the cut with Yashasvi Jaiswal, Shreyas Iyer the biggest omissions. Kim Jong Un pledges to speed up nuclear build-up over US-South Korea drills North Korea’s leader threatens to speed up Pyongyang’s nuclear arsenal expansion over a sign of ‘hostile intent’. ‘Shameful’: UN says 383 aid workers killed last year, nearly half in Gaza The highest number of attacks on aid workers was in Palestinian territory, followed by Sudan, the UN says. Son of Norway’s crown princess charged with rape, domestic violence Marius Borg Hoiby faces up to 10 years in prison after being charged with 32 criminal offences, including rape. UK agrees to drop mandate for Apple ‘back door’, US spy chief says Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard says change upholds privacy of US users.