Video Ad Feedback Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 - Source: CNN Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas ... 1:15 Latest Videos 23 videos Video Ad Feedback Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 - Source: CNN Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 Video Ad Feedback Vikings face backlash after two male cheerleaders join team 3:05 - Source: CNN Vikings face backlash after two male cheerleaders join team 3:05 Video Ad Feedback Trump refers to himself as a 'war hero' when calling Netanyahu one 1:38 - Source: CNN Trump refers to himself as a 'war hero' when calling Netanyahu one 1:38 Gas line explosion sends debris flying 0:55 - Source: CNN Gas line explosion sends debris flying 0:55 Video Ad Feedback Leavitt confirms to reporters that Trump administration is working toward Putin-Zelensky meeting 0:24 - Source: CNN Leavitt confirms to reporters that Trump administration is working toward Putin-Zelensky meeting 0:24 Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Video Ad Feedback Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin 1:34 - Source: CNN Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin 1:34 Freed hostage says he lives with guilt every day 6:28 - Source: CNN Freed hostage says he lives with guilt every day 6:28 Video Ad Feedback Trump explains why Melania Trump penned letter to Putin 1:27 - Source: CNN Trump explains why Melania Trump penned letter to Putin 1:27 Video Ad Feedback Video: President Trump greets Zelensky at the White House 1:23 - Source: CNN Video: President Trump greets Zelensky at the White House 1:23 Video Ad Feedback Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 - Source: CNN Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 - Source: CNN Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 Russian media hails Trump-Putin talks as progress 1:23 - Source: CNN Russian media hails Trump-Putin talks as progress 1:23 Video Ad Feedback CNN’s Kaitlan Collins on what Trump revealed about his meeting with Putin 8:26 - Source: CNN CNN’s Kaitlan Collins on what Trump revealed about his meeting with Putin 8:26 Video Ad Feedback Climate change is making things even worse for the poorly housed 4:04 - Source: CNN Climate change is making things even worse for the poorly housed 4:04 Video Ad Feedback Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 - Source: CNN Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 Video Ad Feedback Watch full Trump-Putin news conference after bilateral meeting in Alaska 12:26 - Source: CNN Watch full Trump-Putin news conference after bilateral meeting in Alaska 12:26 Video Ad Feedback Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 - Source: CNN Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 Video Ad Feedback Dr. Gupta breaks down the healthiest oils to cook with 3:18 - Source: CNN Dr. Gupta breaks down the healthiest oils to cook with 3:18 Video Ad Feedback See the latest forecast for Hurricane Erin 1:02 - Source: CNN See the latest forecast for Hurricane Erin 1:02 Video Ad Feedback DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 - Source: CNN DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 Video Ad Feedback 'An extraordinary move': CNN reporter explains why Texas Democrats left the state 1:11 - Source: CNN 'An extraordinary move': CNN reporter explains why Texas Democrats left the state 1:11 Video Ad Feedback Video shows explosion at US Steel plant 0:25 - Source: CNN Video shows explosion at US Steel plant 0:25 See all topics Email Link Copied! Michael McCown sent his 8-year-old daughter Linnie to a summer camp in central Texas trusting she would be safe. But that trust was tragically broken when Linnie and at least 26 other campers and counselors were killed after a catastrophic flood swept through Camp Mystic on July 4. On Wednesday, McCown and several other parents of children who were at the nearly century-old camp for girls, which largely sits in a flood-prone area , sat before a Texas state Senate committee and called for stronger safety standards at youth camps in Texas. Ad Feedback “We did not send Linnie to a war zone; we sent her to camp,” said McGown, who remembered his daughter for her gentle, playful manner. “No parent should ever go through what we are living through now.” Crosses hang on a wall with flood marks at Camp Mystic in the aftermath of deadly flooding in Kerr County on July 7, 2025. Girls as young as 7 were startled awake by flooding that devastated their beloved Camp Mystic. How the deadly tragedy unfolded It was the first time many of the parents spoke publicly about the death of their children and the lack of sufficient safety measures to prevent their deaths. At the hearing, the parents testified on Senate Bill 1 , which aims to improve safety for youth camps across the state. Some wore buttons bearing the words “Heaven’s 27,” in commemoration of the campers who lost their lives in the tragedy. Among the bill’s provisions are a requirement for camps to have emergency rooftop ladders in every cabin in the floodplain and flash flood evacuation plans. It also seeks to create a line of succession for local officials in the event they are absent when disaster strikes and to streamline how justices of peace report deaths. “I told her camp was the safest place she could be and she would make new friends and learn new things. I lied to her. She not only wasn’t safe, she died,” said Carrie Hanna, mother of 8-year-old Hadley Hanna. “Our precious, hilarious, kind, caring, silly, loving little girl who always wanted to help others, died because there was no plan, because there was no backup system or sirens, because the sweet 18- and 19-year-old counselors did not have the training they needed. Instead, they were told to stay in place, a rule that proved to be fatal,” Hanna said. Camp Mystic said Wednesday it wasn’t prepared to comment on specific legislation, noting its “policies and practices are designed to promote a safe and supportive environment.” “However, Camp Mystic supports legislative efforts that will make camps and communities along the Guadalupe River safer,” the camp said in a statement to CNN. The camp’s owner and executive director Dick Eastland, who died in the flood while trying to rescue young campers, warned for decades about the hidden dangers of the Guadalupe River , CNN previously reported . Camp Mystic owner and executive director Richard Eastland Camp Mystic’s owner warned of floods for decades. Then the river killed him He successfully championed a new flood warning system after 10 children at a nearby camp died in a 1987 flood. That warning system, however, became antiquated and broken over the years. At the hearing Wednesday, some lawmakers also placed blame on the camp for not doing enough to prepare for potential flooding. “One of the biggest contributors to what we found out– and it could have been any camp, I promise you it could have been any camp– was complacency and human nature, and out of sight, out of mind,” said Republican Texas state Sen. Charles Perry, the committee’s chair. Perry said Senate Bill 1 is the framework to prevent tragedies like Camp Mystic, but the camps will need to follow the provisions in the law. ‘She was stolen from her family,’ mother says Parents shared stories of their children and their grief, and expressed support for the bill with many of them saying it would prevent future camp families from their children dying in a flood. “Camps, especially those in areas that are prone to flash floods, should have adequate warning systems and not build cabins in dangerous floodplains. Period,” said Clark Baker, whose 8-year-old daughter, Mary Grace, died in the flood. “Have a legitimate evacuation plan, know the plan, practice the plan, train workers and counselors to implement the plan,” he said. In this photo taken on July 5, 2025, in Hunt, Texas, Michael McCown, father of Linnie McCown, 8, walks into the "Bubble Inn" cabin at Camp Mystic, after severe flooding. Fears grew on July 9, 2025, that the death toll of 110 in the Texas floods could still surge as hopes fade of finding survivors among the many reported still missing several days after the disaster. More than 170 people remain unaccounted for after the flash flooding on the Fourth of July holiday, a tragedy that shocked many Americans. Camp Mystic, an all-girls camp located next to the Guadalupe River, confirmed that 27 girls and counselors at the summer camp died in the flooding. (Photo by Moisés ÁVILA / AFP) (Photo by MOISES AVILA/AFP via Getty Images) Camp Mystic’s ‘littlest souls’ were nurtured in Bubble Inn. All the cabin’s girls and 2 counselors were lost in the Texas flood Aside from speaking about their own children, several parents urged authorities to continue the search for Cile Steward, an 8-year-old camper who has yet to be found. Her mother, Cece Williams Steward, said three generations of women in her family had attended Camp Mystic. It was her daughter’s first year going and it already “meant adventures, memories, friendships and lessons to carry for a lifetime,” she said. “I was assured that her safety and the safety of all the young girls was paramount. … That assurance was betrayed. Obvious commonsense safety measures were absent. Protocols that should have been in place were ignored,” the mother said. For Steward, summer camps in the state must be properly equipped and held accountable to protect children in the future. “She was stolen from her family, from her future, from the world she lit up with her independence and spunk,” she added. As he finished addressing the committee, Lars Hollis said his daughter Virginia was only 8 years old but already composed songs. Holding his cellphone next to the microphone, he played her last song and briefly held a photo of her with a trembling hand. “Our 8-year-old daughter left earth on July 4 due to a lack of preparation, detection, training and response,” he said moments before. CNN’s Leigh Waldman contributed to this report. See all topics Email Link Copied! Video Ad Feedback Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 - Source: CNN Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas ... 1:15 Latest Videos 23 videos Video Ad Feedback Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 - Source: CNN Parents whose children were lost at Camp Mystic deliver emotional testimony to Texas Senate 1:15 Video Ad Feedback Vikings face backlash after two male cheerleaders join team 3:05 - Source: CNN Vikings face backlash after two male cheerleaders join team 3:05 Video Ad Feedback Trump refers to himself as a 'war hero' when calling Netanyahu one 1:38 - Source: CNN Trump refers to himself as a 'war hero' when calling Netanyahu one 1:38 Gas line explosion sends debris flying 0:55 - Source: CNN Gas line explosion sends debris flying 0:55 Video Ad Feedback Leavitt confirms to reporters that Trump administration is working toward Putin-Zelensky meeting 0:24 - Source: CNN Leavitt confirms to reporters that Trump administration is working toward Putin-Zelensky meeting 0:24 Video Ad Feedback 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 - Source: CNN 'We've had enough’: Texas Democrat who slept on state House floor speaks out 3:25 Video Ad Feedback Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin 1:34 - Source: CNN Trump caught on hot mic moment talking about making a deal with Putin 1:34 Freed hostage says he lives with guilt every day 6:28 - Source: CNN Freed hostage says he lives with guilt every day 6:28 Video Ad Feedback Trump explains why Melania Trump penned letter to Putin 1:27 - Source: CNN Trump explains why Melania Trump penned letter to Putin 1:27 Video Ad Feedback Video: President Trump greets Zelensky at the White House 1:23 - Source: CNN Video: President Trump greets Zelensky at the White House 1:23 Video Ad Feedback Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 - Source: CNN Ukrainian soldiers and civilians reunite with loved ones in prisoner exchange 2:55 Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 - Source: CNN Spike Lee’s work is in the Smithsonian. See his reaction to Trump orders 1:23 Russian media hails Trump-Putin talks as progress 1:23 - Source: CNN Russian media hails Trump-Putin talks as progress 1:23 Video Ad Feedback CNN’s Kaitlan Collins on what Trump revealed about his meeting with Putin 8:26 - Source: CNN CNN’s Kaitlan Collins on what Trump revealed about his meeting with Putin 8:26 Video Ad Feedback Climate change is making things even worse for the poorly housed 4:04 - Source: CNN Climate change is making things even worse for the poorly housed 4:04 Video Ad Feedback Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 - Source: CNN Hear why Zakaria calls Trump-Putin summit ‘cringeworthy’ 1:46 Video Ad Feedback Watch full Trump-Putin news conference after bilateral meeting in Alaska 12:26 - Source: CNN Watch full Trump-Putin news conference after bilateral meeting in Alaska 12:26 Video Ad Feedback Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 - Source: CNN Trump and Putin land in Alaska for historic summit 0:15 Video Ad Feedback Dr. Gupta breaks down the healthiest oils to cook with 3:18 - Source: CNN Dr. Gupta breaks down the healthiest oils to cook with 3:18 Video Ad Feedback See the latest forecast for Hurricane Erin 1:02 - Source: CNN See the latest forecast for Hurricane Erin 1:02 Video Ad Feedback DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 - Source: CNN DC attorney general sues Trump admin. over police takeover 6:36 Video Ad Feedback 'An extraordinary move': CNN reporter explains why Texas Democrats left the state 1:11 - Source: CNN 'An extraordinary move': CNN reporter explains why Texas Democrats left the state 1:11 Video Ad Feedback Video shows explosion at US Steel plant 0:25 - Source: CNN Video shows explosion at US Steel plant 0:25 See all topics Email Link Copied! Michael McCown sent his 8-year-old daughter Linnie to a summer camp in central Texas trusting she would be safe. But that trust was tragically broken when Linnie and at least 26 other campers and counselors were killed after a catastrophic flood swept through Camp Mystic on July 4. On Wednesday, McCown and several other parents of children who were at the nearly century-old camp for girls, which largely sits in a flood-prone area , sat before a Texas state Senate committee and called for stronger safety standards at youth camps in Texas. Ad Feedback “We did not send Linnie to a war zone; we sent her to camp,” said McGown, who remembered his daughter for her gentle, playful manner. “No parent should ever go through what we are living through now.” Crosses hang on a wall with flood marks at Camp Mystic in the aftermath of deadly flooding in Kerr County on July 7, 2025. Girls as young as 7 were startled awake by flooding that devastated their beloved Camp Mystic. How the deadly tragedy unfolded It was the first time many of the parents spoke publicly about the death of their children and the lack of sufficient safety measures to prevent their deaths. At the hearing, the parents testified on Senate Bill 1 , which aims to improve safety for youth camps across the state. Some wore buttons bearing the words “Heaven’s 27,” in commemoration of the campers who lost their lives in the tragedy. Among the bill’s provisions are a requirement for camps to have emergency rooftop ladders in every cabin in the floodplain and flash flood evacuation plans. It also seeks to create a line of succession for local officials in the event they are absent when disaster strikes and to streamline how justices of peace report deaths. “I told her camp was the safest place she could be and she would make new friends and learn new things. I lied to her. She not only wasn’t safe, she died,” said Carrie Hanna, mother of 8-year-old Hadley Hanna. “Our precious, hilarious, kind, caring, silly, loving little girl who always wanted to help others, died because there was no plan, because there was no backup system or sirens, because the sweet 18- and 19-year-old counselors did not have the training they needed. Instead, they were told to stay in place, a rule that proved to be fatal,” Hanna said. Camp Mystic said Wednesday it wasn’t prepared to comment on specific legislation, noting its “policies and practices are designed to promote a safe and supportive environment.” “However, Camp Mystic supports legislative efforts that will make camps and communities along the Guadalupe River safer,” the camp said in a statement to CNN. The camp’s owner and executive director Dick Eastland, who died in the flood while trying to rescue young campers, warned for decades about the hidden dangers of the Guadalupe River , CNN previously reported . Camp Mystic owner and executive director Richard Eastland Camp Mystic’s owner warned of floods for decades. Then the river killed him He successfully championed a new flood warning system after 10 children at a nearby camp died in a 1987 flood. That warning system, however, became antiquated and broken over the years. At the hearing Wednesday, some lawmakers also placed blame on the camp for not doing enough to prepare for potential flooding. “One of the biggest contributors to what we found out– and it could have been any camp, I promise you it could have been any camp– was complacency and human nature, and out of sight, out of mind,” said Republican Texas state Sen. Charles Perry, the committee’s chair. Perry said Senate Bill 1 is the framework to prevent tragedies like Camp Mystic, but the camps will need to follow the provisions in the law. ‘She was stolen from her family,’ mother says Parents shared stories of their children and their grief, and expressed support for the bill with many of them saying it would prevent future camp families from their children dying in a flood. “Camps, especially those in areas that are prone to flash floods, should have adequate warning systems and not build cabins in dangerous floodplains. Period,” said Clark Baker, whose 8-year-old daughter, Mary Grace, died in the flood. “Have a legitimate evacuation plan, know the plan, practice the plan, train workers and counselors to implement the plan,” he said. In this photo taken on July 5, 2025, in Hunt, Texas, Michael McCown, father of Linnie McCown, 8, walks into the "Bubble Inn" cabin at Camp Mystic, after severe flooding. Fears grew on July 9, 2025, that the death toll of 110 in the Texas floods could still surge as hopes fade of finding survivors among the many reported still missing several days after the disaster. More than 170 people remain unaccounted for after the flash flooding on the Fourth of July holiday, a tragedy that shocked many Americans. Camp Mystic, an all-girls camp located next to the Guadalupe River, confirmed that 27 girls and counselors at the summer camp died in the flooding. (Photo by Moisés ÁVILA / AFP) (Photo by MOISES AVILA/AFP via Getty Images) Camp Mystic’s ‘littlest souls’ were nurtured in Bubble Inn. All the cabin’s girls and 2 counselors were lost in the Texas flood Aside from speaking about their own children, several parents urged authorities to continue the search for Cile Steward, an 8-year-old camper who has yet to be found. Her mother, Cece Williams Steward, said three generations of women in her family had attended Camp Mystic. It was her daughter’s first year going and it already “meant adventures, memories, friendships and lessons to carry for a lifetime,” she said. “I was assured that her safety and the safety of all the young girls was paramount. … That assurance was betrayed. Obvious commonsense safety measures were absent. Protocols that should have been in place were ignored,” the mother said. For Steward, summer camps in the state must be properly equipped and held accountable to protect children in the future. “She was stolen from her family, from her future, from the world she lit up with her independence and spunk,” she added. As he finished addressing the committee, Lars Hollis said his daughter Virginia was only 8 years old but already composed songs. Holding his cellphone next to the microphone, he played her last song and briefly held a photo of her with a trembling hand. “Our 8-year-old daughter left earth on July 4 due to a lack of preparation, detection, training and response,” he said moments before. CNN’s Leigh Waldman contributed to this report. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! Michael McCown sent his 8-year-old daughter Linnie to a summer camp in central Texas trusting she would be safe. But that trust was tragically broken when Linnie and at least 26 other campers and counselors were killed after a catastrophic flood swept through Camp Mystic on July 4. On Wednesday, McCown and several other parents of children who were at the nearly century-old camp for girls, which largely sits in a flood-prone area , sat before a Texas state Senate committee and called for stronger safety standards at youth camps in Texas. Ad Feedback “We did not send Linnie to a war zone; we sent her to camp,” said McGown, who remembered his daughter for her gentle, playful manner. “No parent should ever go through what we are living through now.” Crosses hang on a wall with flood marks at Camp Mystic in the aftermath of deadly flooding in Kerr County on July 7, 2025. Girls as young as 7 were startled awake by flooding that devastated their beloved Camp Mystic. How the deadly tragedy unfolded It was the first time many of the parents spoke publicly about the death of their children and the lack of sufficient safety measures to prevent their deaths. At the hearing, the parents testified on Senate Bill 1 , which aims to improve safety for youth camps across the state. Some wore buttons bearing the words “Heaven’s 27,” in commemoration of the campers who lost their lives in the tragedy. Among the bill’s provisions are a requirement for camps to have emergency rooftop ladders in every cabin in the floodplain and flash flood evacuation plans. It also seeks to create a line of succession for local officials in the event they are absent when disaster strikes and to streamline how justices of peace report deaths. “I told her camp was the safest place she could be and she would make new friends and learn new things. I lied to her. She not only wasn’t safe, she died,” said Carrie Hanna, mother of 8-year-old Hadley Hanna. “Our precious, hilarious, kind, caring, silly, loving little girl who always wanted to help others, died because there was no plan, because there was no backup system or sirens, because the sweet 18- and 19-year-old counselors did not have the training they needed. Instead, they were told to stay in place, a rule that proved to be fatal,” Hanna said. Camp Mystic said Wednesday it wasn’t prepared to comment on specific legislation, noting its “policies and practices are designed to promote a safe and supportive environment.” “However, Camp Mystic supports legislative efforts that will make camps and communities along the Guadalupe River safer,” the camp said in a statement to CNN. The camp’s owner and executive director Dick Eastland, who died in the flood while trying to rescue young campers, warned for decades about the hidden dangers of the Guadalupe River , CNN previously reported . Camp Mystic owner and executive director Richard Eastland Camp Mystic’s owner warned of floods for decades. Then the river killed him He successfully championed a new flood warning system after 10 children at a nearby camp died in a 1987 flood. That warning system, however, became antiquated and broken over the years. At the hearing Wednesday, some lawmakers also placed blame on the camp for not doing enough to prepare for potential flooding. “One of the biggest contributors to what we found out– and it could have been any camp, I promise you it could have been any camp– was complacency and human nature, and out of sight, out of mind,” said Republican Texas state Sen. Charles Perry, the committee’s chair. Perry said Senate Bill 1 is the framework to prevent tragedies like Camp Mystic, but the camps will need to follow the provisions in the law. ‘She was stolen from her family,’ mother says Parents shared stories of their children and their grief, and expressed support for the bill with many of them saying it would prevent future camp families from their children dying in a flood. “Camps, especially those in areas that are prone to flash floods, should have adequate warning systems and not build cabins in dangerous floodplains. Period,” said Clark Baker, whose 8-year-old daughter, Mary Grace, died in the flood. “Have a legitimate evacuation plan, know the plan, practice the plan, train workers and counselors to implement the plan,” he said. In this photo taken on July 5, 2025, in Hunt, Texas, Michael McCown, father of Linnie McCown, 8, walks into the "Bubble Inn" cabin at Camp Mystic, after severe flooding. Fears grew on July 9, 2025, that the death toll of 110 in the Texas floods could still surge as hopes fade of finding survivors among the many reported still missing several days after the disaster. More than 170 people remain unaccounted for after the flash flooding on the Fourth of July holiday, a tragedy that shocked many Americans. Camp Mystic, an all-girls camp located next to the Guadalupe River, confirmed that 27 girls and counselors at the summer camp died in the flooding. (Photo by Moisés ÁVILA / AFP) (Photo by MOISES AVILA/AFP via Getty Images) Camp Mystic’s ‘littlest souls’ were nurtured in Bubble Inn. All the cabin’s girls and 2 counselors were lost in the Texas flood Aside from speaking about their own children, several parents urged authorities to continue the search for Cile Steward, an 8-year-old camper who has yet to be found. Her mother, Cece Williams Steward, said three generations of women in her family had attended Camp Mystic. It was her daughter’s first year going and it already “meant adventures, memories, friendships and lessons to carry for a lifetime,” she said. “I was assured that her safety and the safety of all the young girls was paramount. … That assurance was betrayed. Obvious commonsense safety measures were absent. Protocols that should have been in place were ignored,” the mother said. For Steward, summer camps in the state must be properly equipped and held accountable to protect children in the future. “She was stolen from her family, from her future, from the world she lit up with her independence and spunk,” she added. As he finished addressing the committee, Lars Hollis said his daughter Virginia was only 8 years old but already composed songs. Holding his cellphone next to the microphone, he played her last song and briefly held a photo of her with a trembling hand. “Our 8-year-old daughter left earth on July 4 due to a lack of preparation, detection, training and response,” he said moments before. CNN’s Leigh Waldman contributed to this report. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .