• Trump demands resignation: President Donald Trump has called on a top policymaker at the Federal Reserve to resign after one of his allies alleged that she committed mortgage fraud. But Fed Governor Lisa Cook pushed back on calls to resign, saying she would not be pushed out of the Fed. • Texas map advances: After a standoff that lasted over two weeks, the Texas House passed a redistricting bill yesterday, moving new congressional maps one step closer to passage in the chamber. The Trump-backed redistricting plan would create five more GOP-leaning House districts in time for next year’s midterm elections. The bill will now move to the state Senate. • California’s redistricting push: At the same time, California Democrats are taking up a proposed constitutional amendment today to temporarily redraw congressional maps. The new map proposed by Democrats would likely net the party five seats. 4 Posts A sign showing the California Democrats' redistricting efforts is seen during a press conference with state Republican lawmakers at the California State Capitol in Sacramento on Monday. California’s Supreme Court yesterday rejected a challenge from state Republicans who filed a lawsuit with the court earlier this week requesting it stop the state’s redistricting effort. State GOP lawmakers had attempted to stop the proposed constitutional amendment from making it onto the ballot when they filed the lawsuit on the grounds that the legislature didn’t give voters enough notice. Republican state Sen. Tony Strickland said the decision is “not the end of this fight,” writing in a post on X : “We will continue to challenge this unconstitutional power grab in the courts and at the ballot box. Californians deserve fair, transparent elections, not secret backroom deals to protect politicians.” The state Assembly and Senate will consider a trio of bills that will allow for a special election to pass a constitutional amendment to replace the state’s existing congressional maps through 2030. From there, Democrats in the state must convince Californians to overturn the congressional maps drafted by the independent redistricting commission voters first empowered to draw the lines in 2010. The push in California is a reaction to President Donald Trump and Texas Republicans’ effort to redraw the maps in Texas mid-decade ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. Link Copied! Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov speaks during a press conference in Moscow in June. Meanwhile, we have some updates on Trump’s push for peace between Russia and Ukraine: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is accusing Ukraine and Europe of undermining US efforts to resolve the conflict, following the Alaska summit between Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. Lavrov said Kyiv’s goals run counter to the joint Russian-US push to “eliminate the root causes of the Ukrainian crisis.” Lavrov also claimed European representatives were deliberately trying to “disrupt the agenda” to achieve a sustainable peace settlement by “ignoring Russian interests” and shifting the discussion toward providing security guarantees for Ukraine without Russia’s participation. He expressed hope that what he called a “conspiracy” would fail, vowing Moscow would continue following the path “clearly agreed upon” during the Alaska talks. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky also told journalists yesterday he is ready to make “some compromise” on his demand that a ceasefire takes place before any talks with Putin — as long as some security guarantees for Ukraine are established. His comments come as Moscow openly contradicts the White House narrative that plans for a bilateral meeting between Putin and Zelensky are “underway.” Lavrov said yesterday that the Kremlin proposed sending higher-level officials to talks with Ukraine, with no confirmation that Russia supports a meeting at the leadership level between Putin and Zelensky. A day after he hosted a summit of US and European leaders at the White House, Trump reiterated his desire to quickly set up a meeting between the Ukrainian and Russian presidents. Trump then aims to hold a trilateral sit-down with Putin and Zelensky. Link Copied! California Assemblymembers work during a legislative session at the California State Capitol in Sacramento on Monday. California Democrats are taking up their proposed constitutional amendment to temporarily redraw their congressional maps, hours after Republicans in the Texas House passed new maps of their own. After weeks of opposition and days of heated committee meetings and floor debates, lawmakers in both states are on track to pass their redistricting efforts today. In California , the state Assembly and Senate will consider a trio of bills that will allow for a special election to pass a constitutional amendment to replace the state’s existing congressional maps through 2030. From there, Democrats in the state must convince Californians to overturn the congressional maps drafted by the independent redistricting commission voters first empowered to draw the lines in 2010. California Democrats have described their redistricting push as reaction to the Texas plan and President Donald Trump’s effort to create a more favorable 2026 midterm election map. The legislation includes a trigger clause that says the state will only move forward if other states — such as Texas — seek to implement their own mid-decade redistricting. In Texas , meanwhile, the state House yesterday evening approved new congressional maps — an 88-52 vote on party lines that came two days after the Democrats who had fled the state, denying the House a quorum for 15 days, returned to Austin. The Republican-dominated state Senate is reconvening tonight, and the redistricting plan’s passage there is all but certain. Democrats are seeking to gain five seats in California, while Republicans are eyeing five additional seats in Texas. The legislature will consider the proposed referendum, as well as two related bills, starting today. All three need a two-thirds majority vote in both chambers to pass. If passed, voters would be able to weigh in on whether they want to allow the legislature to override the congressional lines drawn by the state’s independent redistricting commission to put in place new lines through 2030. Link Copied! California Gov. Gavin Newsom speaks during a news conference in Los Angeles on August 14. Democrats have tried everything to beat Donald Trump. But they’re only 1 for 3 in presidential elections against him. Twice, they impeached him — but that didn’t destroy his political career. Several top Democratic prosecutors brought the force of the law against him, but in trying to bring him down, they only made him stronger. They’ve tried to “go high” when he went low. But he went lower and won. And painting Trump as the worst-ever threat to American democracy didn’t thwart the greatest White House comeback story in history. So, what do Democrats do now? The latest plan, piloted by California Gov. Gavin Newsom, whose counteroffensive just won the support of former President Barack Obama , is to be a bit more like Trump — but only up to a point and for a limited time. California state legislators are expected on Thursday to pass bills to set up a statewide referendum in November on redrawing the state’s congressional maps in a way that could net Democrats five seats in the House of Representatives. The counterattack went into force after deep-red Texas enacted its plan, ordered by the president, to launch a rare mid-cycle redistricting effort in search of five Republican House seats. Trump is blatantly attempting to save the GOP — and himself — from losing the chamber in the 2026 midterms and is prepared to do anything to prevent it. Read Collinson’s full analysis here. Link Copied! A sign showing the California Democrats' redistricting efforts is seen during a press conference with state Republican lawmakers at the California State Capitol in Sacramento on Monday. California’s Supreme Court yesterday rejected a challenge from state Republicans who filed a lawsuit with the court earlier this week requesting it stop the state’s redistricting effort. State GOP lawmakers had attempted to stop the proposed constitutional amendment from making it onto the ballot when they filed the lawsuit on the grounds that the legislature didn’t give voters enough notice. Republican state Sen. Tony Strickland said the decision is “not the end of this fight,” writing in a post on X : “We will continue to challenge this unconstitutional power grab in the courts and at the ballot box. Californians deserve fair, transparent elections, not secret backroom deals to protect politicians.” The state Assembly and Senate will consider a trio of bills that will allow for a special election to pass a constitutional amendment to replace the state’s existing congressional maps through 2030. From there, Democrats in the state must convince Californians to overturn the congressional maps drafted by the independent redistricting commission voters first empowered to draw the lines in 2010. The push in California is a reaction to President Donald Trump and Texas Republicans’ effort to redraw the maps in Texas mid-decade ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. Link Copied! Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov speaks during a press conference in Moscow in June. Meanwhile, we have some updates on Trump’s push for peace between Russia and Ukraine: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is accusing Ukraine and Europe of undermining US efforts to resolve the conflict, following the Alaska summit between Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. Lavrov said Kyiv’s goals run counter to the joint Russian-US push to “eliminate the root causes of the Ukrainian crisis.” Lavrov also claimed European representatives were deliberately trying to “disrupt the agenda” to achieve a sustainable peace settlement by “ignoring Russian interests” and shifting the discussion toward providing security guarantees for Ukraine without Russia’s participation. He expressed hope that what he called a “conspiracy” would fail, vowing Moscow would continue following the path “clearly agreed upon” during the Alaska talks. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky also told journalists yesterday he is ready to make “some compromise” on his demand that a ceasefire takes place before any talks with Putin — as long as some security guarantees for Ukraine are established. His comments come as Moscow openly contradicts the White House narrative that plans for a bilateral meeting between Putin and Zelensky are “underway.” Lavrov said yesterday that the Kremlin proposed sending higher-level officials to talks with Ukraine, with no confirmation that Russia supports a meeting at the leadership level between Putin and Zelensky. A day after he hosted a summit of US and European leaders at the White House, Trump reiterated his desire to quickly set up a meeting between the Ukrainian and Russian presidents. Trump then aims to hold a trilateral sit-down with Putin and Zelensky. Link Copied! California Assemblymembers work during a legislative session at the California State Capitol in Sacramento on Monday. California Democrats are taking up their proposed constitutional amendment to temporarily redraw their congressional maps, hours after Republicans in the Texas House passed new maps of their own. After weeks of opposition and days of heated committee meetings and floor debates, lawmakers in both states are on track to pass their redistricting efforts today. In California , the state Assembly and Senate will consider a trio of bills that will allow for a special election to pass a constitutional amendment to replace the state’s existing congressional maps through 2030. From there, Democrats in the state must convince Californians to overturn the congressional maps drafted by the independent redistricting commission voters first empowered to draw the lines in 2010. California Democrats have described their redistricting push as reaction to the Texas plan and President Donald Trump’s effort to create a more favorable 2026 midterm election map. The legislation includes a trigger clause that says the state will only move forward if other states — such as Texas — seek to implement their own mid-decade redistricting. In Texas , meanwhile, the state House yesterday evening approved new congressional maps — an 88-52 vote on party lines that came two days after the Democrats who had fled the state, denying the House a quorum for 15 days, returned to Austin. The Republican-dominated state Senate is reconvening tonight, and the redistricting plan’s passage there is all but certain. Democrats are seeking to gain five seats in California, while Republicans are eyeing five additional seats in Texas. The legislature will consider the proposed referendum, as well as two related bills, starting today. All three need a two-thirds majority vote in both chambers to pass. If passed, voters would be able to weigh in on whether they want to allow the legislature to override the congressional lines drawn by the state’s independent redistricting commission to put in place new lines through 2030. Link Copied! California Gov. Gavin Newsom speaks during a news conference in Los Angeles on August 14. Democrats have tried everything to beat Donald Trump. But they’re only 1 for 3 in presidential elections against him. Twice, they impeached him — but that didn’t destroy his political career. Several top Democratic prosecutors brought the force of the law against him, but in trying to bring him down, they only made him stronger. They’ve tried to “go high” when he went low. But he went lower and won. And painting Trump as the worst-ever threat to American democracy didn’t thwart the greatest White House comeback story in history. So, what do Democrats do now? The latest plan, piloted by California Gov. Gavin Newsom, whose counteroffensive just won the support of former President Barack Obama , is to be a bit more like Trump — but only up to a point and for a limited time. California state legislators are expected on Thursday to pass bills to set up a statewide referendum in November on redrawing the state’s congressional maps in a way that could net Democrats five seats in the House of Representatives. The counterattack went into force after deep-red Texas enacted its plan, ordered by the president, to launch a rare mid-cycle redistricting effort in search of five Republican House seats. Trump is blatantly attempting to save the GOP — and himself — from losing the chamber in the 2026 midterms and is prepared to do anything to prevent it. Read Collinson’s full analysis here. Link Copied! Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .