close California mom found dead in national park after husband seen dragging large tarp The body of a California woman was found in Angeles National Forest after her husband was seen on video dragging something large wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (via Don Luis Meza) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A California woman was found dead in a national forest just a day after her husband was captured on video dragging something large wrapped in what appeared to be a tarp or sheet away from his home. The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet similar to the one her husband, 36-year-old Jossimar Cabrera, was seen pulling the day before on Ring camera footage, according to KTTV and KTLA. Search and rescue teams from the Montrose Mountain Search and Rescue team reported finding something suspicious in the Angeles National Forest that matched the material seen in the Ring video, the outlets reported. MAN ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF MURDER AFTER WOMAN’S BODY FOUND AT REMOTE CALIFORNIA CAMPSITE The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (Don Luis Meza) Homicide detectives responded to the scene and confirmed that Mrs. Cabrera’s body was wrapped inside the material, according to the reports. Mr. Cabrera was immediately identified as a person of interest in the investigation. The couple’s three children were also reported as missing. MOTHER'S STORY QUESTIONED BY AUTHORITIES AS 7-MONTH-OLD REMAINS MISSING AFTER ALLEGED KIDNAPPING Jossimar Cabrera was identified as a person of interest in the investigation. (Don Luis Meza) He fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body, and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department is currently working with local authorities to extradite him to California. Officials are expected to charge him with murder if he is sent back to California. Jossimar Cabrera fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body. (Don Luis Meza) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The three children were also found safe in Peru and taken into protective custody. Mrs. Cabrera’s cause of death is being evaluated by the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner’s Office. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close California mom found dead in national park after husband seen dragging large tarp The body of a California woman was found in Angeles National Forest after her husband was seen on video dragging something large wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (via Don Luis Meza) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A California woman was found dead in a national forest just a day after her husband was captured on video dragging something large wrapped in what appeared to be a tarp or sheet away from his home. The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet similar to the one her husband, 36-year-old Jossimar Cabrera, was seen pulling the day before on Ring camera footage, according to KTTV and KTLA. Search and rescue teams from the Montrose Mountain Search and Rescue team reported finding something suspicious in the Angeles National Forest that matched the material seen in the Ring video, the outlets reported. MAN ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF MURDER AFTER WOMAN’S BODY FOUND AT REMOTE CALIFORNIA CAMPSITE The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (Don Luis Meza) Homicide detectives responded to the scene and confirmed that Mrs. Cabrera’s body was wrapped inside the material, according to the reports. Mr. Cabrera was immediately identified as a person of interest in the investigation. The couple’s three children were also reported as missing. MOTHER'S STORY QUESTIONED BY AUTHORITIES AS 7-MONTH-OLD REMAINS MISSING AFTER ALLEGED KIDNAPPING Jossimar Cabrera was identified as a person of interest in the investigation. (Don Luis Meza) He fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body, and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department is currently working with local authorities to extradite him to California. Officials are expected to charge him with murder if he is sent back to California. Jossimar Cabrera fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body. (Don Luis Meza) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The three children were also found safe in Peru and taken into protective custody. Mrs. Cabrera’s cause of death is being evaluated by the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner’s Office. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close California mom found dead in national park after husband seen dragging large tarp The body of a California woman was found in Angeles National Forest after her husband was seen on video dragging something large wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (via Don Luis Meza) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 1 min A California woman was found dead in a national forest just a day after her husband was captured on video dragging something large wrapped in what appeared to be a tarp or sheet away from his home. The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet similar to the one her husband, 36-year-old Jossimar Cabrera, was seen pulling the day before on Ring camera footage, according to KTTV and KTLA. Search and rescue teams from the Montrose Mountain Search and Rescue team reported finding something suspicious in the Angeles National Forest that matched the material seen in the Ring video, the outlets reported. MAN ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF MURDER AFTER WOMAN’S BODY FOUND AT REMOTE CALIFORNIA CAMPSITE The body of Sheylla Cabrera, 33, was found on Aug. 13 in Angeles National Forest wrapped in a tarp or sheet. (Don Luis Meza) Homicide detectives responded to the scene and confirmed that Mrs. Cabrera’s body was wrapped inside the material, according to the reports. Mr. Cabrera was immediately identified as a person of interest in the investigation. The couple’s three children were also reported as missing. MOTHER'S STORY QUESTIONED BY AUTHORITIES AS 7-MONTH-OLD REMAINS MISSING AFTER ALLEGED KIDNAPPING Jossimar Cabrera was identified as a person of interest in the investigation. (Don Luis Meza) He fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body, and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department is currently working with local authorities to extradite him to California. Officials are expected to charge him with murder if he is sent back to California. Jossimar Cabrera fled to Peru before the discovery of his wife's body. (Don Luis Meza) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The three children were also found safe in Peru and taken into protective custody. Mrs. Cabrera’s cause of death is being evaluated by the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner’s Office.