20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the Russian-European gas pipeline in 2022 Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, Der Spiegel reported on Thursday. German prosecutors have confirmed the report. DETAILS TO FOLLOW You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a military spokesman has announced. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full control of Gaza was approved by the Jewish state's security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:26 Home World News Germany’s Merz facing opposition over Ukraine troop plan – Bild The chancellor’s coalition partners insist the German military could only be sent together with US forces, the newspaper claims German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. © Getty Images German Chancellor Friedrich Merz is facing resistance from within his government over his plan to dispatch troops to Ukraine in the event of a ceasefire between Moscow and Kiev, Bild reported on Thursday. According to the newspaper, Merz backs sending the German military to Ukraine, but the Social Democratic Party (SPD), which forms part of his ruling coalition, "as of now, will only support this if the US also takes the lead, providing its own troops.” Earlier this week, US President Donald Trump ruled out putting American boots on the ground in Ukraine. Bild also noted that if Ukraine were attacked while German troops were stationed there, Berlin would be in “uncharted legal territory.” Merz also has to grapple with strategic questions such as how many Western European troops could be deployed to Ukraine, how air surveillance and air protection would be ensured, and how Ukraine would maintain its military capabilities. Read more Germany’s Merz warns EU not to ‘overestimate’ influence on Ukraine conflict Publicly, Merz has not ruled out dispatching German soldiers to Ukraine, but has said “the whole of Europe should participate” in potential security guarantees to Kiev. “It is not just about the territory of Ukraine; it is about Europe's political order,” he added. Foreign Minister Johann Wadephul, however, has warned that Germany’s military capacity is already stretched to the limit. He noted it is currently the only European contributor with a combat-ready brigade stationed in Lithuania, and that simultaneously undertaking a mission in Ukraine “would probably be too much for us.” Although Trump has ruled out deploying US ground troops to Ukraine, he has signaled willingness to offer an air support framework if Moscow and Kiev reach an agreement to end hostilities. The Bild report follows the summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska last week, as well as a visit by Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and several European leaders, including Merz, to Washington on Monday, with talks centered on settling the Ukraine conflict. Russia has warned that any NATO or Western troop presence in Ukraine would be absolutely “unacceptable,” regardless of its form or potential scenarios. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Germany Russia-Ukraine conflict US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy