19 Aug, 2025 13:35 Home World News EU leaders went to Washington begging to be cucked “Security guarantees” has apparently become a euphemism for Western Europe funding America’s military-industrial complex By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. rachelmarsden.com US President Donald Trump with Vladimir Zelensky and European leaders at the White House, Washington, DC, August 18, 2025. © Win McNamee/Getty Images Can the EU manage to go even a single week without begging to be cucked? Spoiler alert: Nope. This time, they even boarded a plane for a transatlantic booty call. “Security guarantees.” That’s what the Western European establishment keeps demanding for Ukraine. And now it looks like US President Donald Trump has found a way to monetize it at the EU’s expense – a cost that will, naturally, be passed down directly to European citizens. When the idea of a peace deal was first floated earlier this year, the UK and France tried to hype up the concept of putting 30,000 EU troops in Ukraine – but only if peace broke out long enough to render the exercise glaringly useless and redundant. The plan depended on US air cover babysitting them while they did pushups, burpees, and awkward small talk with the American corporate contractors who would no doubt move in to monetize the latest frontier of shock-and-awe liberation. But EU citizens seemed unmoved, and the elected officials who rely on them to remain in their cushy seats of power knew it. Apparently, a militarized Burning Man in a “liberated” Ukraine doesn’t exactly sell to Europeans. Next, Western Europeans were carpet-bombed with stereoscopic rhetoric about the necessity to blow a ton of cash on weapons so Europe could guarantee BOTH its own security and Ukraine’s. Without even actually being in the EU, Ukraine was already being treated like the free perfume sample tossed into every shopping bag at Sephora – the one that makes your groceries reek whether you wanted it or not. And because Ukraine had become rhetorically inseparable from the EU, the Eurojokers in charge started invoking a future Russian invasion date for Europe of 2030. It’s like a new form of hypochondria. Except instead of reading about a disease online and convincing yourself that you have it, they started believing that Russia was invading them just from observing events in Ukraine. Read more Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump This “2030 invasion” propaganda seems to have originated from NATO-adjacent think tanks like the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, which last year cited 2030 as the date of Russia’s “military reconstitution.” The RAND Corporation has also warned of a “revanchist Russia” in a report on the “future of warfare in 2030” that will fight “its neighbors.” NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte then parlayed all this into a demand for European members of the US-led weapons lobby to cough up 5% of GDP in defense spending, up from the 2% previously demanded at Trump’s insistence. The Euroclowns started trying to get buy-in through active audience participation, telling citizens to pack canned tuna and water into go-bags in preparation for Putin’s 2030 arrival. They even floated the idea of citizens investing in special financial products to fund European defense. If you forego just one Starbucks visit per week, maybe you can help buy a whole tank someday for someone who really needs it. Scary times indeed! Better obey Daddy Trump via NATO and pledge 5% of GDP on weapons while the local boulangerie struggles to crank out baguettes thanks to insane energy costs. Maybe we can all make life easier for the clowns trying to triangulate all this and just eat bullets instead? It became clear a while ago that this whole “security guarantee” charade was a pretext for the weapons racket. Europe has even ramped up weapons factory production to triple speed, according to the Financial Times. Now sit back and watch them screw it up. One-one-thousand. Two-one-thousand… Read more The EU and Kiev are losing, and Trump is my witness Well, that didn’t take long. NATO has just applauded Germany’s commitment to fund “a $500 million package of military equipment and munitions for Ukraine sourced from the United States, under NATO’s new Prioritized Ukraine Requirements List (PURL) initiative.” It has also emerged that the EU’s favorite dependent, Ukraine, will now blow $100 billion of its allowance on AMERICAN weapons – for the same “security guarantees” that the EU keeps hyping up. Ukraine is now like a kid betting online with the EU’s credit card, plopping it on red, fully aware that every chip is going straight into the pockets of some other guy across the ocean. After Trump met with EU leaders, Rutte, and Zelensky at the White House on Monday, he wrote online that “during the meeting we discussed Security Guarantees for Ukraine, which Guarantees would be provided by the various European Countries, with a co-ordination with the United States of America.” “Security guarantees” has apparently now become a euphemism for Europe funding America’s military-industrial complex while the US mostly coordinates the intake of European taxpayer cash. After all, Trump explicitly said that Europe would do most of the heavy lifting for those “guarantees.” No doubt the US will be too busy with Ukrainian mineral deals Trump is setting up to focus on much else. Maybe just the security around those. Why doesn’t the EU insist on just being a part of that? Not fiscally masochistic enough? Meanwhile, EU leaders continue brainwashing themselves with their own propaganda. “Peace must be achieved through strength… We must have strong security guarantees to protect both Ukraine and Europe’s vital security interests,” said unelected European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. “If we are weak today with Russia, we will prepare for tomorrow’s conflicts, and they will affect the Ukrainians. So no weakness. Basically, what we are going to say is that we want peace… but we want a robust peace,” French President Emmanuel Macron said before the White House meeting. He wants the kind of peace that punches potential future adversaries in the face – preemptively. And Trump seems only too thrilled to indulge and profit off the EU’s self-imposed psychosis. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on European Union – EU US Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the Russian-European gas pipeline in 2022 Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, Der Spiegel reported on Thursday. German prosecutors have confirmed the report. DETAILS TO FOLLOW You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a military spokesman has announced. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full control of Gaza was approved by the Jewish state's security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:26 Home World News Germany’s Merz facing opposition over Ukraine troop plan – Bild The chancellor’s coalition partners insist the German military could only be sent together with US forces, the newspaper claims German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. © Getty Images German Chancellor Friedrich Merz is facing resistance from within his government over his plan to dispatch troops to Ukraine in the event of a ceasefire between Moscow and Kiev, Bild reported on Thursday. According to the newspaper, Merz backs sending the German military to Ukraine, but the Social Democratic Party (SPD), which forms part of his ruling coalition, "as of now, will only support this if the US also takes the lead, providing its own troops.” Earlier this week, US President Donald Trump ruled out putting American boots on the ground in Ukraine. Bild also noted that if Ukraine were attacked while German troops were stationed there, Berlin would be in “uncharted legal territory.” Merz also has to grapple with strategic questions such as how many Western European troops could be deployed to Ukraine, how air surveillance and air protection would be ensured, and how Ukraine would maintain its military capabilities. Read more Germany’s Merz warns EU not to ‘overestimate’ influence on Ukraine conflict Publicly, Merz has not ruled out dispatching German soldiers to Ukraine, but has said “the whole of Europe should participate” in potential security guarantees to Kiev. “It is not just about the territory of Ukraine; it is about Europe's political order,” he added. Foreign Minister Johann Wadephul, however, has warned that Germany’s military capacity is already stretched to the limit. He noted it is currently the only European contributor with a combat-ready brigade stationed in Lithuania, and that simultaneously undertaking a mission in Ukraine “would probably be too much for us.” Although Trump has ruled out deploying US ground troops to Ukraine, he has signaled willingness to offer an air support framework if Moscow and Kiev reach an agreement to end hostilities. The Bild report follows the summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska last week, as well as a visit by Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and several European leaders, including Merz, to Washington on Monday, with talks centered on settling the Ukraine conflict. Russia has warned that any NATO or Western troop presence in Ukraine would be absolutely “unacceptable,” regardless of its form or potential scenarios. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Germany Russia-Ukraine conflict US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy