Feature 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Feature Shuttle goes extra mile to help disabled boy Aug 21, 2025 This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45) and the World Anti-Fascist War.China also established the UN Peace and Development Trust Fund for projects to train and guarantee peace in Africa by disbursing more than $11 million for various training initiatives across Africa. Beauty industry looks beyond skin-deep changes Aug 4, 2025 Like a growing number of young Chinese women, 31-year-old Zhu Yanzi has sought subtle and "natural-looking" improvements in her appearance over the years. But in her twenties, her quest got off to a clumsy start. Temporary shelters house deluge victims Jul 30, 2025 By noon on Tuesday, the gymnasium of Pinggu Sports Center in Beijing's flood-hit Pinggu district was filled with the sounds of three playing children while their mother, Du Yun, sat on a bed watching them. Medical firm thrives under Hainan's tax incentives Jul 25, 2025 Zeng Sheng, founder and chairman of Susheng Biotech (Hainan), said his business is thriving in Hainan province, where favorable policies and upcoming island-wide independent customs operations are creating new opportunities in the high-tech and medical industries. Lychee grower enjoys fruits of global recognition Jul 14, 2025 In a lush lychee orchard in Yongxing town of Haikou, Hainan province, agricultural entrepreneur Wu Yuyan speaks into her phone, livestreaming in English to an international audience. Her broadcasts blend expert insights on fruit maturity and sugar levels with engaging content tailored for tropical fruit lovers worldwide. Schools become beacon of Flying Tiger friendship Jul 10, 2025 Zhou Zheng, principal of Shanghai No 8 Senior High School, received a pilot jacket symbolizing the legendary Flying Tigers, a gesture she said filled her with the warmth and power of their spirit. Elderly people should consider new careers Jul 8, 2025 When a Beijing company recently advertised a number of low-end job vacancies tailored for retired people, little did it realize it would be "bombarded" with applications. Adventurous souls take flight with weekend international travel Jul 7, 2025 In Stark's world, Friday nights usually mean going to the airport to get an international flight out of the country and returning on Monday morning ready to head straight to work. River cleaners keep Yangtze waters clear Jun 23, 2025 Amid the burble and gentle hum of the engine, at 7 am Captain Zhang Xinghua sets off in his riverboat on another daily voyage to clean the Yangtze River as it flows through the county of Wushan in Southwest China's Chongqing municipality. Pressure of gaokao success looms over students' new weekend freedom May 19, 2025 The recent enforcement of a two-day weekend break policy for high school students in China has sparked widespread debate, and a mix of reactions including relief, anxiety and resistance among students, teachers and parents. Aikeremu Aierken: 21 years of dedication, trading heartfelt efforts for genuine connections May 6, 2025 "We entrust our children to you, and we are at ease." This is a line a parent from a remote area of Xinjiang once said to Aikeremu Aierken during a home visit. The words have stayed with him to this day. Finding dignity and peace at the end of life May 6, 2025 On May 15, 2024, a family gathered at the palliative care ward of Gulou Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine in Beijing to take a cherished family photo. Live wedding painting captures love and memories Apr 29, 2025 Imagine watching a painter bring your late family members to life on canvas — standing beside you at your wedding ceremony. That's where wedding painters make a difference, turning fleeting moments into lasting emotional memories. Chinese Red Cross Foundation reports $176.22 mln in 2024 income, expenditure Apr 14, 2025 The Chinese Red Cross Foundation (CRCF) had a total income and expenditure of 1.285 billion yuan (about $176.22 million) in 2024, including 334 million yuan from the central special lottery public welfare fund, according to its annual report. By the end of 2024, the foundation's total assets had reached 1.045 billion yuan. Persistence brings hope and chance of miracles Apr 5, 2025 Zhang Guangrui, a 40-year-old volunteer with the Blue Sky Rescue Team from northern China, put on his sunglasses to hide his tears on the streets of Mandalay in Myanmar on Thursday afternoon. Students take flight at drone training center Mar 28, 2025 With the industry scale of China's low-altitude economy expected to reach over $275 billion by 2030, schools and training centers are being established across the country to meet the professional skills needed. Allure of anime sparks youthful passion Mar 20, 2025 Like many fandoms, the ACG community has its own set of jargon, such as guzi, a homophone of "goods" meaning grain in Chinese, and baji, a homophone of "badge". Remarkable women walk own path Mar 8, 2025 This frustration was a big contrast to her experience at the gym, where "there was an aura of positivity from everyone, and my health was evidently improved", she said."I have moved my mom to live with me in Hangzhou and her health condition has been good since I took her to work out with me," she said. RedNote adds vibrancy to cultural exchanges Mar 5, 2025 A 57-year-old United States woman known online as "Mary Jo", has quickly gained 105,000 followers on the increasingly popular Chinese lifestyle-sharing platform RedNote. TCM doctor finds international success Feb 18, 2025 On the wall of Zhong Danzhu's clinic in Chengdu, Sichuan province, hangs a silk banner presented by Petru Lucinschi, former president of Moldova, inscribed with the words "Eastern Divine Doctor". Psychology, discipline key to training 'hero' police dogs Feb 10, 2025 The 3-year-old German Shepherd serves as a tracker dog at the Jiangxia district sub-bureau of the city's public security department. Poetry born of a mother's sacrifice Feb 3, 2025 Huang Xinsheng starts every day early. By the time the sun peaks over the horizon, she is already cleaning a 1-kilometer street in Changsha, Hunan province. Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Top news 3rd China-Russia library forum opens in Moscow EconoScope | China's major ports see strong gains amid rising 'new trio' shipments Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]