Stressed-out Chinese adults turn to adult pacifiers for anxiety relief 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print ECNS Wire Stressed-out Chinese adults turn to adult pacifiers for anxiety relief Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 12:53:51 Ecns.cn Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download (ECNS) -- Adult pacifiers have seen booming sales across multiple shopping platforms in China as adults stressed by work and life turn to them for relief from anxiety. Liang (pseudonym) who worked in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, had long relied on chewing gum or biting straws to cope with anxiety. Two years ago, after finishing an entire pack of gum in one sitting, Liang grew concerned about jaw strain and looked for an alternative. She then bought a pacifier from an e-commerce site. "It works well for me. I use it while writing to help improve my focus," Liang said. Wei Lin (pseudonym), 25, who lives in Shandong, is also a regular user. In April, she watched a video online in which a mom gave her child a pacifier, which instantly piqued her interest. She then asked for advice on social media, where many commenters encouraged her to try it. Wei has used the pacifier five or six times. "Sometimes I feel inexplicably irritable, even lose sleep, and eating doesn't help. Using the pacifier in those moments really makes me calm down," she said. On the Chinese e-commerce platform Taobao, adult pacifiers have sold well and even on the platform's trending search list. These products come in various colors and typically range in price from 10 to 80 yuan ($1.4 to $11.1). One store has been selling adult pacifiers for seven years, with annual sales reaching 6,000 units. Made from food-grade silicone, the pacifiers offer a soft chewing experience. Since adults tend to bite with greater force than infants, the pacifiers usually need to be replaced every two to three months. Some merchants say customers buy adult pacifiers for a range of reasons, including stress relief, weight management, and smoking cessation. "I was surprised by the hot sales of adult pacifiers. I thought it was a niche behavior for adults to buy pacifiers," Wei said. In the comment area of e-commerce platforms, she found many buyers who felt the same way Ju Fei, an associate professor specialized in psychology at Tongji University, pointed out that using a pacifier is essentially similar to smoking, chewing gum, or thumb-sucking — all are oral behaviors people use to relieve tension and anxiety. However, Ju warned, if such behaviors become excessive or abnormal to the point of causing pathological symptoms, psychological intervention may be necessary. "I believe everyone has the right to choose and purchase any product they prefer, whether it's clothing, accessories, or pacifiers. What matters most is that it brings satisfaction to the buyer," Liang said. In recent years, toys and products designed specifically for adults have grown in popularity. According to a report by The Paper, the global market for stress-relief toys reached $5.52 billion in 2024, while China's market exceeded 20 billion yuan. (By Zhang Dongfang) More Photo Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Regio Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong World Robot Conference attracts crowds of visitors to Beijing Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang China's central bank adds 100 billion yuan to relending quota for disaster relief More Top news (W.E. Talk) China-Europe cooperation: Achieving together, illuminating the world Xi attends grand gathering to celebrate Xizang Autonomous Region's 60th founding anniversary V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]