19 Aug, 2025 13:35 Home World News EU leaders went to Washington begging to be cucked “Security guarantees” has apparently become a euphemism for Western Europe funding America’s military-industrial complex By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. rachelmarsden.com US President Donald Trump with Vladimir Zelensky and European leaders at the White House, Washington, DC, August 18, 2025. © Win McNamee/Getty Images Can the EU manage to go even a single week without begging to be cucked? Spoiler alert: Nope. This time, they even boarded a plane for a transatlantic booty call. “Security guarantees.” That’s what the Western European establishment keeps demanding for Ukraine. And now it looks like US President Donald Trump has found a way to monetize it at the EU’s expense – a cost that will, naturally, be passed down directly to European citizens. When the idea of a peace deal was first floated earlier this year, the UK and France tried to hype up the concept of putting 30,000 EU troops in Ukraine – but only if peace broke out long enough to render the exercise glaringly useless and redundant. The plan depended on US air cover babysitting them while they did pushups, burpees, and awkward small talk with the American corporate contractors who would no doubt move in to monetize the latest frontier of shock-and-awe liberation. But EU citizens seemed unmoved, and the elected officials who rely on them to remain in their cushy seats of power knew it. Apparently, a militarized Burning Man in a “liberated” Ukraine doesn’t exactly sell to Europeans. Next, Western Europeans were carpet-bombed with stereoscopic rhetoric about the necessity to blow a ton of cash on weapons so Europe could guarantee BOTH its own security and Ukraine’s. Without even actually being in the EU, Ukraine was already being treated like the free perfume sample tossed into every shopping bag at Sephora – the one that makes your groceries reek whether you wanted it or not. And because Ukraine had become rhetorically inseparable from the EU, the Eurojokers in charge started invoking a future Russian invasion date for Europe of 2030. It’s like a new form of hypochondria. Except instead of reading about a disease online and convincing yourself that you have it, they started believing that Russia was invading them just from observing events in Ukraine. Read more Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump This “2030 invasion” propaganda seems to have originated from NATO-adjacent think tanks like the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, which last year cited 2030 as the date of Russia’s “military reconstitution.” The RAND Corporation has also warned of a “revanchist Russia” in a report on the “future of warfare in 2030” that will fight “its neighbors.” NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte then parlayed all this into a demand for European members of the US-led weapons lobby to cough up 5% of GDP in defense spending, up from the 2% previously demanded at Trump’s insistence. The Euroclowns started trying to get buy-in through active audience participation, telling citizens to pack canned tuna and water into go-bags in preparation for Putin’s 2030 arrival. They even floated the idea of citizens investing in special financial products to fund European defense. If you forego just one Starbucks visit per week, maybe you can help buy a whole tank someday for someone who really needs it. Scary times indeed! Better obey Daddy Trump via NATO and pledge 5% of GDP on weapons while the local boulangerie struggles to crank out baguettes thanks to insane energy costs. Maybe we can all make life easier for the clowns trying to triangulate all this and just eat bullets instead? It became clear a while ago that this whole “security guarantee” charade was a pretext for the weapons racket. Europe has even ramped up weapons factory production to triple speed, according to the Financial Times. Now sit back and watch them screw it up. One-one-thousand. Two-one-thousand… Read more The EU and Kiev are losing, and Trump is my witness Well, that didn’t take long. NATO has just applauded Germany’s commitment to fund “a $500 million package of military equipment and munitions for Ukraine sourced from the United States, under NATO’s new Prioritized Ukraine Requirements List (PURL) initiative.” It has also emerged that the EU’s favorite dependent, Ukraine, will now blow $100 billion of its allowance on AMERICAN weapons – for the same “security guarantees” that the EU keeps hyping up. Ukraine is now like a kid betting online with the EU’s credit card, plopping it on red, fully aware that every chip is going straight into the pockets of some other guy across the ocean. After Trump met with EU leaders, Rutte, and Zelensky at the White House on Monday, he wrote online that “during the meeting we discussed Security Guarantees for Ukraine, which Guarantees would be provided by the various European Countries, with a co-ordination with the United States of America.” “Security guarantees” has apparently now become a euphemism for Europe funding America’s military-industrial complex while the US mostly coordinates the intake of European taxpayer cash. After all, Trump explicitly said that Europe would do most of the heavy lifting for those “guarantees.” No doubt the US will be too busy with Ukrainian mineral deals Trump is setting up to focus on much else. Maybe just the security around those. Why doesn’t the EU insist on just being a part of that? Not fiscally masochistic enough? Meanwhile, EU leaders continue brainwashing themselves with their own propaganda. “Peace must be achieved through strength… We must have strong security guarantees to protect both Ukraine and Europe’s vital security interests,” said unelected European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. “If we are weak today with Russia, we will prepare for tomorrow’s conflicts, and they will affect the Ukrainians. So no weakness. Basically, what we are going to say is that we want peace… but we want a robust peace,” French President Emmanuel Macron said before the White House meeting. He wants the kind of peace that punches potential future adversaries in the face – preemptively. And Trump seems only too thrilled to indulge and profit off the EU’s self-imposed psychosis. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on European Union – EU US Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 12:01 Home World News US push to build naval drone fleet ‘not going well’ – Reuters The Pentagon program has faced a series of setbacks, multiple sources have told the agency FILE PHOTO: Global Autonomous Reconnaissance Craft (GARC) operate off the coast of California. © Getty Images / X / Naval Surface Forces of the US Pacific Fleet The US plan to build a fleet of naval drones to potentially counter China is “not going well” and has been marred with technical issues and management turmoil, Reuters has reported, citing a dozen informed sources. US President Donald Trump has named drone capabilities as a top priority for the military, with almost $5 billion allocated for naval autonomous systems in his ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ on federal spending. The Pentagon aims to arm itself with numerous unmanned boats, which cost several million dollars each and can operate in swarms without human command. The drones are seen as vital for protecting Taiwan in case of a possible military confrontation with Beijing. The program, however, has faced a series of setbacks, Reuters reported on Wednesday. It recalled an incident in July during a test off the coast of California, in which one autonomous surface vehicle (ASV) suddenly stalled and another smashed into it, vaulting over the deck and crashing back into the water. During another failed test a few weeks prior, an autonomous boat accelerated unexpectedly, capsizing its support vessel and throwing its captain overboard, Reuters reported. The captain remained unharmed, it added. Read more Drone racing championship wraps up in Moscow (VIDEO, PHOTOS) The blunders resulted from a combination of software failures and human error, including breakdowns in communication between onboard systems and external autonomous software, one source explained. Since the latest incident, the Pentagon has indefinitely halted a contract of almost $20 million with one of the firms providing autonomous software for the vessels, sources told the agency. In May, the US Navy’s main ASV procurement unit, the Program Executive Office Unmanned and Small Combatants (PEO USC), had its chief, Rear Admiral Kevin Smith, sacked due to loss of confidence. According to Reuters’ sources, US Deputy Secretary of Defense Stephen Feinberg grilled Navy officials last month, saying he was unimpressed by some of the acquired naval drone capabilities and questioning their cost-effectiveness. READ MORE: What the West doesn’t understand about China’s growing military might The PEO USC was recently placed under review due to its failures and could face restructuring or a shutdown, four people familiar with the matter claimed. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on China Pentagon Taiwan US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested in Italy over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the pipeline bringing Russian gas to Western Europe in 2022 © Danish Defence / Anadolu Agency via Getty Images Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man who it is claimed is suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, German prosecutors reported on Thursday. The man, referred to only as Sergey K, was detained near Rimini on the basis of a European arrest warrant. German investigators believe he led a unit that blew up sections of the pipelines in September 2022. The attacks, which ruptured both the Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines in the Baltic Sea, were, improbably, initially blamed on Russian operatives. But German prosecutors later traced a rented sailing yacht to the operation and linked it to Ukrainian nationals. Read more Poland to turn wind farm into NATO’s eyes and ears – media Investigators say Sergey K was part of a group that placed explosives on the pipelines near the island of Bornholm in September 2022. The accused was allegedly one of the coordinators of the operation. He and his accomplices are said to have used a sailing yacht that departed from the German city of Rostock. The vessel had previously been rented from a German company through intermediaries using forged identification documents. “After being transferred from Italy, the accused will be brought before the investigating judge of the Federal Court of Justice,” according to the statement by the prosecutor's office. Germany’s Federal Prosecutor General has reportedly been investigating the blasts for more than two years on suspicion of sabotage and causing explosives to be detonated. The explosions were seen at the time as an attack on critical energy infrastructure and a stark example of the rising economic fallout of the Ukraine conflict. In 2023, veteran investigative journalist Seymour Hersh published a report claiming that then-US President Joe Biden had given the order to destroy Nord Stream. According to an informed source who talked to the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, the explosives had been planted by US Navy divers a few months earlier under the cover of a NATO exercise. The White House denied the report at the time, calling it “complete fiction.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a military spokesman has announced. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full control of Gaza was approved by the Jewish state's security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy