LIVE: Hamas says it approved Gaza ceasefire deal as Israel steps up attacks | Israel-Palestine conflict News | Al Jazeera
Advertisement 86 UpdatesAuto-updates3m ago (22:10 GMT)‘It is time to break the chokehold on reporting’ in Gaza: WatchdogThe Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) has welcomed Trump’s call for allowing foreign journalists into Gaza, as Israeli authorities continue to block outside reporters from entering the territory.
“CPJ and hundreds of news organizations across the world have been calling for unhindered, independent media access as Palestinian journalists face killings, and starvation,” CPJ chief global affairs officer Gypsy Guillen Kaiser said in a statement.
“It is time to break the chokehold on reporting about this devastating conflict and allow all journalists to work freely and safely.”
There are many Palestinian journalists working in Gaza, but Israel has been systemically targeting and killing them as its supporters in the West question their credibility.
Last week, Trump said he “would like to see” foreign journalists report from Gaza.
Video Player is loading.Current Time 0:00/Duration 0:00Loaded: 0%0:00Stream Type LIVERemaining Time -0:00 1x2x1.75x1.5x1.25x1x, selected0.75x0.5xChaptersdescriptions off, selectedcaptions settings, opens captions settings dialogcaptions off, selectedThis is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.TextColorOpacityText BackgroundColorOpacityCaption Area BackgroundColorOpacityFont SizeText Edge StyleFont FamilyEnd of dialog window.This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
Video Duration 01 minutes 24 seconds 01:24No 'plausible justification' to murder Anas al-Sharif
10m ago (22:03 GMT)Israeli attack in al-Mawasi kills child, injures several othersA medical source at the Kwaiti Field Hospital in southern Gaza tells Al Jazeera that an Israeli attack on displaced people’s tents in al-Mawasi area has killed one girl and wounded several other people.
15m ago (21:58 GMT)Gaza authorities share grim numbers from besieged enclaveThe Gaza Government Media Office has released updated figures highlighting the scale of the humanitarian catastrophe in the territory.
Authorities said residents require 7.5 million meals daily and a minimum of 600 aid trucks each day to cover basic needs, while infants need 250,000 milk cartons every month. A small fraction of these amounts have entered Gaza over the past three months.
Since Israel’s assault began, hospitals have recorded 62,004 Palestinians killed and 156,230 wounded, with a further 9,500 dead or missing people whose bodies never reached medical facilities.
The figures also include 1,965 Palestinians killed and 14,701 injured in what officials called “aid massacres and death traps” at GHF distribution sites.
At least 263 people, including 112 children, have died from Israeli-induced hunger and malnutrition, the statement added.
Advertisement 28m ago (21:45 GMT)Watch: Gaza journalist’s remains discovered weeks after Israel killed herPalestinian journalist Marwa Musallam was buried under the rubble after an Israeli air strike in Gaza City in July. Her cries for help went unanswered amid pleas to pressure Israel to allow rescuers to reach her.
Musallam’s remains were discovered 45 days later.
Watch our video report on the killing of Musallam below.
Video Player is loading.Current Time 0:00/Duration 0:00Loaded: 0%0:00Stream Type LIVERemaining Time -0:00 1x2x1.75x1.5x1.25x1x, selected0.75x0.5xChaptersdescriptions off, selectedcaptions settings, opens captions settings dialogcaptions off, selectedThis is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.TextColorOpacityText BackgroundColorOpacityCaption Area BackgroundColorOpacityFont SizeText Edge StyleFont FamilyEnd of dialog window.This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
Video Duration 02 minutes 20 seconds 02:20Palestinian reporter’s remains discovered, weeks after her killing
43m ago (21:30 GMT)CJR calls for urgent new ideas to protect journalists in GazaThe Columbia Journalism Review (CJR) has sought the recommendations of reporters, editors and rights experts to explore new ways to protect Palestinian journalists in Gaza.
In a newly released feature, the CRJ called for a bold, new strategy to protect reporters on the ground, who face assassinations and smear campaigns amid the collapse of legal and institutional protections.
The suggestions included sanctions on Israeli officials, media strikes, coordinated blackouts, and war crimes charges at the International Criminal Court.
“Journalists in Western newsrooms could strike. They could refuse to work until some sort of substantive demand for a policy change at these institutions is fulfilled,” Drop Site News’s Sharif Abdel Kouddous said.
“What could this policy change be? Perhaps a disclaimer at the bottom, or within, every article that quotes Israeli authorities that Israel has killed far more journalists in Gaza than anywhere in the world since the Committee to Protect Journalists started keeping records, and therefore the veracity of any statement is dubious.”
The article follows the killing of Al Jazeera’s Anas al-Sharif and five colleagues near al-Shifa Hospital, bringing the number of Palestinian journalists killed since October 2023 to well over 200.
A man in Gaza holds the press vest of slain Al Jazeera journalist Anas al-Sharif, who was killed in an Israeli assassination strike along with four of his colleagues [Al Jazeera]
54m ago (21:19 GMT)Palestinians injured during settler attack on Masafer YattaViolent Israeli settlers have launched another attack in the occupied West Bank under protection from armed Israeli soldiers.
The Wafa news agency cited a local official as reporting that settlers attacked homes in the Susya village, in Masafer Yatta south of Hebron.
They threw stones at homes and broke windows while also damaging a vehicle belonging to a Palestinian family. Several people were injured and later treated at the scene by paramedics.
Several other Israeli military raids were also reported across the occupied territories, including in several towns and villages in Nablus.
Translation: Occupation forces storm the village of Kafr Qalil, Nablus District.
1h ago (21:13 GMT)Gaza death toll rises to 30Medical sources tell Al Jazeera that Israeli attacks across the Gaza Strip have killed at least 30 Palestinians since dawn on Monday.
1h ago (20:55 GMT)Journalist reported among casualties of Israeli attack on Gaza CityA medical source has confirmed to Al Jazeera that at least three Palestinians were killed and several others were injured in an Israeli strike on the Sabra neighbourhood of Gaza City.
Local Palestinian outlets reported that journalist Islam al-Koumi was among the victims.
More Israeli strikes have also been reported in the al-Amal neighbourhood, located northwest of Khan Younis in southern Gaza. We will bring you more information when we can.
Sign up for Al JazeeraBreaking News Alertprotected by reCAPTCHA1h ago (20:45 GMT)Photos: Israeli warplanes bomb GazaAn Israeli F-15 jet releases a flare as it flies over Gaza, as seen from the Israeli side of the border on August 18 [Amir Cohen/Reuters]
Smoke rises after an explosion in Gaza caused by Israeli bombs [Amir Cohen/Reuters]
An Israeli Blackhawk evacuation helicopter flies over Gaza [Amir Cohen/Reuters]
[Amir Cohen/Reuters]
Advertisement 1h ago (20:30 GMT)German police crack down on Berlin rally supporting GazaGerman police have once again been filmed assaulting demonstrators in a rally supporting Gaza, this time near the headquarters of the Federal Chancellery in the capital, Berlin.
Footage shared online showed police violently taking a supporter who was chanting with a microphone. Another protester was also assaulted while security forces accompanied by police dogs tried to arrest him.
1h ago (20:15 GMT)UN warns against Israel’s displacement campaign in Gaza CityThe UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) says Israel’s plans to seize Gaza City could displace thousands of Palestinians “into an overcrowded area in the south of the [Gaza] Strip, which is almost devoid of basic infrastructure and services”, including water, food and medical care.
“The UN reiterates that it will not participate in any forced displacement of the population,” OCHA said in a statement.
“The UN and its partners reiterate their commitment to serve people wherever they are. All civilians must be protected, whether they choose to stay or move. Those who decide to move must have their essential needs met, and they must be able to voluntarily return when the situation allows.”
2h ago (20:00 GMT)Israel’s war on Gaza at ‘turning point’, army chief saysIsraeli military chief Eyal Zamir has addressed a conference near the borders of Gaza, saying that an “unprecedented” military campaign is ongoing.
“We are at a turning point in the war, preparing to move to the next phase of Operation Gideon’s Chariots, which focuses on deepening the impact against Hamas in Gaza City,” he said.
A day after Zamir approved the Gaza City invasion plans, he said the army had “decisively defeated Hamas in the areas where we operated” and must prepare to continue “operational developments” in Gaza.
“We will continue to act and create the conditions for the release of our abductees.”
Israel’s Army Chief of Staff Eyal Zamir addresses a conference held at the Gaza Division on August 18 [Image handout via Israel’s army]
2h ago (19:45 GMT)Release of Israeli official charged with child sex crimes in US sparks outcryThe administration of US President Donald Trump has denied intervening to ensure the release of Tom Artiom Alexandrovich, a senior Israeli cybersecurity official who was arrested earlier this month in the US state of Nevada as part of an undercover law enforcement operation targeting “child sex predators”.
Alexandrovich’s release and subsequent return to Israel had sparked controversy and speculations that he may have been freed by pressure from the US federal government and Israeli authorities. But today, the US State Department distanced itself from the case.
“The Department of State is aware that Tom Artiom Alexandrovich, an Israeli citizen, was arrested in Las Vegas and given a court date for charges related to soliciting sex electronically from a minor,” the State Department’s Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs said in a statement.
“He did not claim diplomatic immunity and was released by a state judge pending a court date. Any claims that the US government intervened are false.”
Court records from Nevada’s Clark County show that Alexandrovich was charged with luring or attempting to lure a child online to engage in sexual conduct – a felony that carries up to 10 years in jail in the case of a conviction.
Alexandrovich posted a $10,000 bond on August 7, nearly a week before his arrest was publicly announced, according to court records.
While it is common for suspects accused of crimes to be released on bail, it is not clear why Alexandrovich’s passport was not withheld to ensure that he does not flee to Israel.
Defendants at high risk of flight are also often put under electronic monitoring when released, but it appears that Alexandrovich was freed with minimal conditions despite the severity of the charge against him.
The Israeli official’s next court appearance is set for August 27.
2h ago (19:30 GMT)Exhausted, wounded aid seekers arrive at al-Shifa HospitalA Palestinian activist has released footage of starved and injured aid seekers who were brought to the al-Shifa Hospital in the besieged northern part of Gaza after being targeted by Israeli forces.
“Their faces show the fatigue and pain they experienced from Israeli occupation snipers west of Gaza City,” said Mohammed Abu Salama.
2h ago (19:18 GMT)‘We fight only to win’: Israel’s Smotrich rejects  Gaza ceasefire againEchoing far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich has expressed opposition to any ceasefire agreement in Gaza.
“We fight only to win! Under no circumstances to stop in the middle with a partial deal that abandons half of the hostages and could lead to ending the war in defeat,” he wrote in a post on X.
“Hamas is under great pressure from the occupation of Gaza because it understands that this eliminates it and ends the story. Therefore, it is trying to stop it by returning to a partial deal. Precisely for this reason, we must not give in and grant the enemy a lifeline. Continue to the end, win, and bring back all the hostages in one fell swoop.”
Smotrich has been a vocal advocate for ethnically cleansing Gaza.
Israeli right-wing Knesset member Itamar Ben-Gvir (left) and Bezalel Smotrich (right) during the swearing-in ceremony for the new Israeli parliament, November 15, 2022 [File: Abir Sultan/Pool via Reuters]
3h ago (19:05 GMT)Situation in Gaza ‘beyond catastrophic’, UN saysStephane Dujarric, the spokesperson of United Nations chief Antonio Guterres, warns that the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is “beyond catastrophic”.
“Amid ongoing hostilities and extreme hunger, more deaths are recorded every day. Hunger-related deaths continue to be reported, including among children,” Dujarric told reporters.
He cited UN agencies as saying that the amounts of food entering Gaza are insufficient to meet the needs of the population amid the Israeli blockade.
Dujarric stressed that in order to prevent hunger-related deaths, “humanitarians must be able to deliver food at scale and consistently through all available crossings and routes to reach the population of 2.1 million people”.
Palestinians transport a wounded man, injured by Israeli fire while seeking aid in Khan Younis, the southern Gaza Strip, August 14 [File: Hatem Khaled/Reuters]
3h ago (18:53 GMT)All children under five in Gaza at risk of acute malnutrition, WFP warnsThe UN World Food Programme (WFP) warned that as of July 2025, more than 320,000 children – the entire population under the age of five in Gaza – are at risk of acute malnutrition.
Families are surviving on the bare minimum of basic foods, with almost no dietary diversity, WFP said. The agency called for an immediate ceasefire to allow large-scale delivery of humanitarian aid.
3h ago (18:42 GMT)Palestinian Authority moves to draft constitution as it pushes for statehoodPalestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has issued a decree to form a committee to draft an interim constitution for a future Palestinian state that the organisation plans to govern despite Israeli opposition.
The move comes in preparation for general elections after the end of Israel’s war on Gaza, the withdrawal of Israeli forces from the enclave, and efforts to assume the helm of a future Palestinian state, according to a statement released by the Wafa news agency.
It is also to prepare for the United Nations General Assembly summit in September, when France, the United Kingdom and Canada have said they plan to formally recognise Palestinian statehood – moves denounced by Israel and the United States.
The statement said members of the council will include “national, political and community figures, as well as legal and constitutional experts, taking into account the representation of civil society and gender”.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas [File: Adem Altan/AFP]
3h ago (18:30 GMT)Gaza’s healthcare sector is in disastrous state, official warnsMunir al-Bursh, director general of Gaza’s Health Ministry, says the health system in the enclave has collapsed under Israel’s ongoing assault.
He reported a 70 percent shortage in medicines, with only 15 of 38 hospitals still functioning.
Al-Bursh added that 1,590 medical staff have been killed and 1,360 others detained since Israel’s assault began, further crippling the health sector’s ability to provide essential care to Gaza’s population.
Beds sit in a flooded field hospital after sewage water inundated the emergency department of Nasser Hospital in Khan Younis, August 14 [Hussam Al-Masri/Reuters]
3h ago (18:18 GMT)Israeli attacks kill 26 across GazaMedical sources tell Al Jazeera that at least 26 Palestinians have been killed in Israeli attacks across Gaza since dawn.
The victims include 14 aid seekers.
Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies Advertisement
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparencyWe process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalised content and advertising. By clicking the button on the right, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information see our privacy noticeLearn more about our Cookie Policy.