In Gaza, death does not come all at once. It comes in instalments | Israel-Palestine conflict | Al Jazeera
Advertisement Eman Abu ZayedPalestinian writer from GazaPublished On 18 Aug 202518 Aug 2025Save to Reading listJanat Noufal with her late brother Mohammed (left) and with her father, Riyadh and late mother, Muneera [Courtesy of Janat Noufal]When I heard about the killing of Mohammed Noufal and his colleagues from Al Jazeera, my first thoughts were with his sister, Janat. I knew her vaguely in university; she is a polite girl with a beautiful smile, who was studying digital media at the Islamic University of Gaza and ran an online shop where she sold girls’ accessories.She had already lost several members of her family when she received the news of her brother’s martyrdom. I thought of her and the devastating pain she must be in. I thought of how her story reflects the fate of so many Palestinian families who, over the past almost two years, have faced slow death, member by member.Recommended Storieslist of 4 itemslist 1 of 4Why are Israelis ‘not at all troubled’ by starvation in Gaza?list 2 of 4Why does Israel want to prolong the war on Gaza?list 3 of 4UN agency sounds alarm as 1 in 10 children in Gaza now malnourishedlist 4 of 4Starving Palestinians pepper-sprayed at GHF aid site in Gaza, video showsend of listOn October 30, 2023, just three weeks after the start of the war, a missile struck Janat’s family house in Jabalia. She and her sisters and brothers survived, although Mohammed had serious injuries. Their aunt and uncle were killed.A year later, on October 7, 2024, Omar, Janat’s eldest brother, was martyred while he was trying to rescue the injured from a bombed house; the Israeli army hit the same spot again, killing him.Then, on June 22 of this year, her mother, Muneera, passed away. She was visiting relatives when the Israeli army bombarded the area. Muneera was hit by shrapnel; she arrived at the hospital still alive but passed away 39 hours later.On August 10, Israel bombed a media tent near al-Shifa Hospital, killing Janat’s brother Mohammed and six other journalists.Now, Janat has only her father Riyad, her brother Ibrahim and her sisters Ola, Hadeel, Hanan left. Advertisement “[When] my older brother Omar passed away, we heard our father groan and say, “You’ve broken my back, oh God,” Janat told me when I reached out to her.“When we lost my mother Muneera, my father said in a hoarse voice, ‘We have been struck down’,” she continued.“When my brother Mohammed, the journalist, was martyred, he said nothing. He didn’t scream, he didn’t cry, he didn’t utter a word. And that’s when fear began to creep into my heart … I feared that his silence might break him forever. I feared his stillness more than I feared his grief.”Sign up for Al JazeeraBreaking News Alertprotected by reCAPTCHAAfter Mohammed was martyred, Janat tried to convince her brother Ibrahim to leave his work as a journalist, because she was afraid for him. He was the last one left to support her, their father, and her sisters. But he refused, saying that nothing would befall them except what God had written for them. He told her that he wanted to follow the legacy of their martyred brother and his colleagues.For Janat, the pain of losing her loved ones has become unbearable. “Whenever we thought we could breathe a little, the next loss would bring us back to the same darkness. Fear is no longer a passing feeling, but a constant companion, watching us from every corner of our lives. Loss has become part of our existence, and grief has settled into the details of daily life, in every paused smile and every prolonged silence,” she told me.Her words echo the suffering of so many families here in Gaza.According to the Government Media Office, as of March this year, 2,200 Palestinian families were completely wiped out from the civil registry, all of their members killed. More than 5,120 families had only one member left.Palestinian families are constantly under the threat of extinction with each wave of bombing.My own relatives have also been erased from the civil registry. My father, Ghassan, had eight cousins – Mohammed, Omar, Ismail, Firas, Khaled, Abdullah, Ali, and Marah – who formed a large branch of our extended family. After the outbreak of war, we began losing them one after another. Each loss left a new void, as if we were being pulled into a spiral of recurring grief.Only the wives of Omar and Ismail and their two children remain now. My father carries this immense pain quietly, holding his sorrow deep inside.Today, we face another Israeli offensive on northern Gaza. Last year, the Israeli onslaught killed tens of thousands. Those who defied forced displacement to the south paid a heavy price.Many of us who have lost loved ones do not want to live through the horror again. Last year, my family stayed in the north, but we are now exhausted. We are worn out from the bombing, death, and terror we experienced. We will leave this time. Janat’s family, who proudly held on to their half-destroyed home in Jabalia, will also leave. Advertisement We have experienced atrocities that no human being can endure. We cannot take any more death.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.Eman Abu ZayedPalestinian writer from GazaEman Abu Zayed is a Palestinian writer and translation student from Gaza.
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparencyWe process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalised content and advertising. By clicking the button on the right, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information see our privacy noticeLearn more about our Cookie Policy.