close Data reveals taking blood pressure medicine at night is beneficial Board certified rheumatologist Dr. Mahsa Tehrani discusses treating high blood pressure on 'America Reports.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min High blood pressure is a silent killer, experts warn, and nearly half of U.S. adults are at risk. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by Disney+ Stream Now Bundle Disney+ and Hulu to stream the unforgettable origin story. Sign Up Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage — and they also recommend cutting out alcohol. The American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Cardiology (ACC) teamed up with 11 other organizations to release new guidelines, published Aug. 14 in the American Heart Association’s peer-reviewed journals Circulation and Hypertension, as well as in JACC, the flagship journal of the American College of Cardiology. YOUR HEART MAY BE OLDER THAN YOU THINK — AND THE NUMBER COULD PREDICT DISEASE RISK The new recommendations, which were refined through a rigorous peer-review process, represent the first major blood pressure update since 2017. The guidelines detail how doctors tackle high blood pressure and how people can take steps to manage their own, with a focus on prevention, early treatment and protection of both heart and brain health . Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage from high blood pressure. (iStock) "High blood pressure is the most prevalent and No. 1 modifiable risk factor for the development of cardiovascular diseases ," Daniel W. Jones, M.D., chair of the guideline writing committee and professor emeritus of the University of Mississippi School of Medicine in Jackson, Mississippi, told Fox News Digital. "Members of the writing committee have been monitoring new evidence continually since the last guideline published in 2017," he added. What's changed Instead of using one-size-fits-all charts, the new approach focuses on the PREVENT (Preventing Risk of cardiovascular disease EVENTs) method, a tool that calculates a person's 10- and 30-year risk of heart attack or stroke . In addition to blood pressure, it also considers cholesterol, kidney health, metabolic issues and geographical location. ‘I’M A CARDIOLOGIST – HERE’S HOW THE SUMMER HEAT COULD DAMAGE YOUR HEART’ The guidelines also urge doctors to act earlier. That could mean prescribing medication sooner or tapping into newer options like GLP-1 drugs for certain patients. Another new recommendation was to cut out alcohol — a change from the prior guidance for people to limit consumption. "We put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." "A lot of people enjoy drinking, but because the evidence is there, we want you to make an informed decision," Jones said. "There’s a lot of individual variability with the relationship between alcohol and blood pressure, but we put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Jones called the new alcohol guidance one of the two "most notable changes in the 2025 guidelines," along with reducing sodium intake from 2300 mg a day to 1500 mg a day. The experts also spotlighted the need to manage blood pressure during pregnancy to protect mothers and babies. Certain standards have stayed the same in the updated guidelines, like eating healthy foods and exercising regularly. (iStock) Some of the prior standards still apply, like managing stress through exercise and maintaining a healthy weight, with a goal of at least a 5% reduction in body weight in adults who are overweight or obese. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Nutrition remains a major factor, with recommendations to eat a healthy diet high in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, and low-fat or nonfat dairy, as well as lean meats and poultry, fish and non-tropical oils. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health These habits, combined with earlier medical intervention when needed, could dramatically reduce long-term complications, experts say. The blood pressure criteria remain the same as the 2017 guidelines, as seen in the chart below. The American Heart Association released this infographic showing the corresponding blood pressure readings ranging from normal to hypertensive emergency. (American Heart Association) Research shows that controlling blood pressure earlier in life can also help prevent dementia and preserve brain health . "There is now more clear and robust evidence that intensive lowering of blood pressure reduces the risk of cognitive decline and dementia," Jones added. Khloe Quill is a lifestyle production assistant with Fox News Digital. She and the lifestyle team cover a range of story topics including food and drink, travel, and health. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Data reveals taking blood pressure medicine at night is beneficial Board certified rheumatologist Dr. Mahsa Tehrani discusses treating high blood pressure on 'America Reports.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min High blood pressure is a silent killer, experts warn, and nearly half of U.S. adults are at risk. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by Disney+ Stream Now Bundle Disney+ and Hulu to stream the unforgettable origin story. Sign Up Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage — and they also recommend cutting out alcohol. The American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Cardiology (ACC) teamed up with 11 other organizations to release new guidelines, published Aug. 14 in the American Heart Association’s peer-reviewed journals Circulation and Hypertension, as well as in JACC, the flagship journal of the American College of Cardiology. YOUR HEART MAY BE OLDER THAN YOU THINK — AND THE NUMBER COULD PREDICT DISEASE RISK The new recommendations, which were refined through a rigorous peer-review process, represent the first major blood pressure update since 2017. The guidelines detail how doctors tackle high blood pressure and how people can take steps to manage their own, with a focus on prevention, early treatment and protection of both heart and brain health . Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage from high blood pressure. (iStock) "High blood pressure is the most prevalent and No. 1 modifiable risk factor for the development of cardiovascular diseases ," Daniel W. Jones, M.D., chair of the guideline writing committee and professor emeritus of the University of Mississippi School of Medicine in Jackson, Mississippi, told Fox News Digital. "Members of the writing committee have been monitoring new evidence continually since the last guideline published in 2017," he added. What's changed Instead of using one-size-fits-all charts, the new approach focuses on the PREVENT (Preventing Risk of cardiovascular disease EVENTs) method, a tool that calculates a person's 10- and 30-year risk of heart attack or stroke . In addition to blood pressure, it also considers cholesterol, kidney health, metabolic issues and geographical location. ‘I’M A CARDIOLOGIST – HERE’S HOW THE SUMMER HEAT COULD DAMAGE YOUR HEART’ The guidelines also urge doctors to act earlier. That could mean prescribing medication sooner or tapping into newer options like GLP-1 drugs for certain patients. Another new recommendation was to cut out alcohol — a change from the prior guidance for people to limit consumption. "We put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." "A lot of people enjoy drinking, but because the evidence is there, we want you to make an informed decision," Jones said. "There’s a lot of individual variability with the relationship between alcohol and blood pressure, but we put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Jones called the new alcohol guidance one of the two "most notable changes in the 2025 guidelines," along with reducing sodium intake from 2300 mg a day to 1500 mg a day. The experts also spotlighted the need to manage blood pressure during pregnancy to protect mothers and babies. Certain standards have stayed the same in the updated guidelines, like eating healthy foods and exercising regularly. (iStock) Some of the prior standards still apply, like managing stress through exercise and maintaining a healthy weight, with a goal of at least a 5% reduction in body weight in adults who are overweight or obese. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Nutrition remains a major factor, with recommendations to eat a healthy diet high in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, and low-fat or nonfat dairy, as well as lean meats and poultry, fish and non-tropical oils. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health These habits, combined with earlier medical intervention when needed, could dramatically reduce long-term complications, experts say. The blood pressure criteria remain the same as the 2017 guidelines, as seen in the chart below. The American Heart Association released this infographic showing the corresponding blood pressure readings ranging from normal to hypertensive emergency. (American Heart Association) Research shows that controlling blood pressure earlier in life can also help prevent dementia and preserve brain health . "There is now more clear and robust evidence that intensive lowering of blood pressure reduces the risk of cognitive decline and dementia," Jones added. Khloe Quill is a lifestyle production assistant with Fox News Digital. She and the lifestyle team cover a range of story topics including food and drink, travel, and health. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Data reveals taking blood pressure medicine at night is beneficial Board certified rheumatologist Dr. Mahsa Tehrani discusses treating high blood pressure on 'America Reports.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min High blood pressure is a silent killer, experts warn, and nearly half of U.S. adults are at risk. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by Disney+ Stream Now Bundle Disney+ and Hulu to stream the unforgettable origin story. Sign Up Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage — and they also recommend cutting out alcohol. The American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Cardiology (ACC) teamed up with 11 other organizations to release new guidelines, published Aug. 14 in the American Heart Association’s peer-reviewed journals Circulation and Hypertension, as well as in JACC, the flagship journal of the American College of Cardiology. YOUR HEART MAY BE OLDER THAN YOU THINK — AND THE NUMBER COULD PREDICT DISEASE RISK The new recommendations, which were refined through a rigorous peer-review process, represent the first major blood pressure update since 2017. The guidelines detail how doctors tackle high blood pressure and how people can take steps to manage their own, with a focus on prevention, early treatment and protection of both heart and brain health . Leading health groups say it’s best to act sooner rather than later to prevent long-term damage from high blood pressure. (iStock) "High blood pressure is the most prevalent and No. 1 modifiable risk factor for the development of cardiovascular diseases ," Daniel W. Jones, M.D., chair of the guideline writing committee and professor emeritus of the University of Mississippi School of Medicine in Jackson, Mississippi, told Fox News Digital. "Members of the writing committee have been monitoring new evidence continually since the last guideline published in 2017," he added. What's changed Instead of using one-size-fits-all charts, the new approach focuses on the PREVENT (Preventing Risk of cardiovascular disease EVENTs) method, a tool that calculates a person's 10- and 30-year risk of heart attack or stroke . In addition to blood pressure, it also considers cholesterol, kidney health, metabolic issues and geographical location. ‘I’M A CARDIOLOGIST – HERE’S HOW THE SUMMER HEAT COULD DAMAGE YOUR HEART’ The guidelines also urge doctors to act earlier. That could mean prescribing medication sooner or tapping into newer options like GLP-1 drugs for certain patients. Another new recommendation was to cut out alcohol — a change from the prior guidance for people to limit consumption. "We put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." "A lot of people enjoy drinking, but because the evidence is there, we want you to make an informed decision," Jones said. "There’s a lot of individual variability with the relationship between alcohol and blood pressure, but we put forward the ideal as abstinence, and for those who choose to drink, less than one for women and less than two for men." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Jones called the new alcohol guidance one of the two "most notable changes in the 2025 guidelines," along with reducing sodium intake from 2300 mg a day to 1500 mg a day. The experts also spotlighted the need to manage blood pressure during pregnancy to protect mothers and babies. Certain standards have stayed the same in the updated guidelines, like eating healthy foods and exercising regularly. (iStock) Some of the prior standards still apply, like managing stress through exercise and maintaining a healthy weight, with a goal of at least a 5% reduction in body weight in adults who are overweight or obese. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Nutrition remains a major factor, with recommendations to eat a healthy diet high in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, and low-fat or nonfat dairy, as well as lean meats and poultry, fish and non-tropical oils. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health These habits, combined with earlier medical intervention when needed, could dramatically reduce long-term complications, experts say. The blood pressure criteria remain the same as the 2017 guidelines, as seen in the chart below. The American Heart Association released this infographic showing the corresponding blood pressure readings ranging from normal to hypertensive emergency. (American Heart Association) Research shows that controlling blood pressure earlier in life can also help prevent dementia and preserve brain health . "There is now more clear and robust evidence that intensive lowering of blood pressure reduces the risk of cognitive decline and dementia," Jones added. Khloe Quill is a lifestyle production assistant with Fox News Digital. She and the lifestyle team cover a range of story topics including food and drink, travel, and health. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.