close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 19 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has a new Democratic challenger more than a year before voters will take to the polls. Graham Platner, a combat veteran who served in the U.S. Army and Marine Corps during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, announced his campaign on Tuesday morning. According to his online biography, Platner is currently the owner-operator of Waukeag Neck Oyster Co. His campaign video focused on taking on "corrupt politicians" and "billionaires." Despite his military service, Maine Republicans were quick to condemn Platner as a "far-left progressive." SENATE DEMOCRATS ARE FEVERISHLY RECRUITING TOP CANDIDATES TO WIN BACK MAJORITY IN 2026 MIDTERMS "Graham is a far-left progressive backed by national progressive operatives and environmental extremists. His views would be perfectly suited for a Portland City Council race – not for representing all of Maine," Jason Savage, the executive director of the Maine Republican Party, said in a statement to Fox News Digital. Platner's campaign Facebook page says he is a "friend of the working Mainer, foe of the oligarchy." He already has more than a dozen town halls scheduled across the New England state. "[E]very where I've gone, it seems like the fabric of what holds us together is being ripped apart by billionaires and corrupt politicians," Platner, 40, said in a campaign launch video. Sen. Susan Collins arrives to introduce U.S. First Circuit Judge nominee Joshua D. Dunlap during a Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on July 30, 2025. (Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images) "Profiting off of destroying our environment, driving our families into poverty and crushing the middle class," he said. Platner went on to say he supports universal healthcare, aiding veterans and stopping funding for foreign wars. The video was produced by Morris Katz, a top advisor to the Democratic nominee for New York City mayor, Zohran Mamdani, according to the New York Times. "Being a Bernie Bro and Kamala Harris donor is a profile to appeal to Portland progressives, not centrist and conservative voters in rural Maine," Savage reportedly told the Times. TRUMP ALLY MIKE COLLINS LAUNCH KEY BATTLEGROUND STATE BID TO FLIP DEMOCRAT-HELD SENATE SEAT Sen. Susan Collins walks off the Senate floor after an overnight session at the U.S. Capitol on July 1, 2025. (Andrew Harnik) Platner, a political newcomer, told Politico that he also brought on Joe Cavello, a former senior aide to Sen. John Fetterman, D-Pa., to help with his campaign. "To call me a liberal, I think, is fairly amusing. I mean, I’m a competitive pistol shooter. That’s what I do on the weekends," he told the media outlet. "I’m a firearms instructor. I spent multiple years, obviously, in the service utilizing firearms. I also grew up in rural Maine, where guns are a part of our existence." Sen. Susan Collins meets with U.S. Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson in her office on March 8, 2022. (Jim Bourg) The Democratic challenger list against Collins is growing, and reports say those already in office are trying to tap Janet Mills, the state's 77-year-old Democratic governor, for the seat. Republicans currently control the majority of the Senate by a 53-47 margin. Democrats would need to flip four seats in the 2026 midterm elections to take the majority. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A spokesperson for Collins told Fox News Digital that Platner is "just another progressive entering the race." Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 19 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has a new Democratic challenger more than a year before voters will take to the polls. Graham Platner, a combat veteran who served in the U.S. Army and Marine Corps during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, announced his campaign on Tuesday morning. According to his online biography, Platner is currently the owner-operator of Waukeag Neck Oyster Co. His campaign video focused on taking on "corrupt politicians" and "billionaires." Despite his military service, Maine Republicans were quick to condemn Platner as a "far-left progressive." SENATE DEMOCRATS ARE FEVERISHLY RECRUITING TOP CANDIDATES TO WIN BACK MAJORITY IN 2026 MIDTERMS "Graham is a far-left progressive backed by national progressive operatives and environmental extremists. His views would be perfectly suited for a Portland City Council race – not for representing all of Maine," Jason Savage, the executive director of the Maine Republican Party, said in a statement to Fox News Digital. Platner's campaign Facebook page says he is a "friend of the working Mainer, foe of the oligarchy." He already has more than a dozen town halls scheduled across the New England state. "[E]very where I've gone, it seems like the fabric of what holds us together is being ripped apart by billionaires and corrupt politicians," Platner, 40, said in a campaign launch video. Sen. Susan Collins arrives to introduce U.S. First Circuit Judge nominee Joshua D. Dunlap during a Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on July 30, 2025. (Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images) "Profiting off of destroying our environment, driving our families into poverty and crushing the middle class," he said. Platner went on to say he supports universal healthcare, aiding veterans and stopping funding for foreign wars. The video was produced by Morris Katz, a top advisor to the Democratic nominee for New York City mayor, Zohran Mamdani, according to the New York Times. "Being a Bernie Bro and Kamala Harris donor is a profile to appeal to Portland progressives, not centrist and conservative voters in rural Maine," Savage reportedly told the Times. TRUMP ALLY MIKE COLLINS LAUNCH KEY BATTLEGROUND STATE BID TO FLIP DEMOCRAT-HELD SENATE SEAT Sen. Susan Collins walks off the Senate floor after an overnight session at the U.S. Capitol on July 1, 2025. (Andrew Harnik) Platner, a political newcomer, told Politico that he also brought on Joe Cavello, a former senior aide to Sen. John Fetterman, D-Pa., to help with his campaign. "To call me a liberal, I think, is fairly amusing. I mean, I’m a competitive pistol shooter. That’s what I do on the weekends," he told the media outlet. "I’m a firearms instructor. I spent multiple years, obviously, in the service utilizing firearms. I also grew up in rural Maine, where guns are a part of our existence." Sen. Susan Collins meets with U.S. Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson in her office on March 8, 2022. (Jim Bourg) The Democratic challenger list against Collins is growing, and reports say those already in office are trying to tap Janet Mills, the state's 77-year-old Democratic governor, for the seat. Republicans currently control the majority of the Senate by a 53-47 margin. Democrats would need to flip four seats in the 2026 midterm elections to take the majority. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A spokesperson for Collins told Fox News Digital that Platner is "just another progressive entering the race." Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 19 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has a new Democratic challenger more than a year before voters will take to the polls. Graham Platner, a combat veteran who served in the U.S. Army and Marine Corps during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, announced his campaign on Tuesday morning. According to his online biography, Platner is currently the owner-operator of Waukeag Neck Oyster Co. His campaign video focused on taking on "corrupt politicians" and "billionaires." Despite his military service, Maine Republicans were quick to condemn Platner as a "far-left progressive." SENATE DEMOCRATS ARE FEVERISHLY RECRUITING TOP CANDIDATES TO WIN BACK MAJORITY IN 2026 MIDTERMS "Graham is a far-left progressive backed by national progressive operatives and environmental extremists. His views would be perfectly suited for a Portland City Council race – not for representing all of Maine," Jason Savage, the executive director of the Maine Republican Party, said in a statement to Fox News Digital. Platner's campaign Facebook page says he is a "friend of the working Mainer, foe of the oligarchy." He already has more than a dozen town halls scheduled across the New England state. "[E]very where I've gone, it seems like the fabric of what holds us together is being ripped apart by billionaires and corrupt politicians," Platner, 40, said in a campaign launch video. Sen. Susan Collins arrives to introduce U.S. First Circuit Judge nominee Joshua D. Dunlap during a Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on July 30, 2025. (Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images) "Profiting off of destroying our environment, driving our families into poverty and crushing the middle class," he said. Platner went on to say he supports universal healthcare, aiding veterans and stopping funding for foreign wars. The video was produced by Morris Katz, a top advisor to the Democratic nominee for New York City mayor, Zohran Mamdani, according to the New York Times. "Being a Bernie Bro and Kamala Harris donor is a profile to appeal to Portland progressives, not centrist and conservative voters in rural Maine," Savage reportedly told the Times. TRUMP ALLY MIKE COLLINS LAUNCH KEY BATTLEGROUND STATE BID TO FLIP DEMOCRAT-HELD SENATE SEAT Sen. Susan Collins walks off the Senate floor after an overnight session at the U.S. Capitol on July 1, 2025. (Andrew Harnik) Platner, a political newcomer, told Politico that he also brought on Joe Cavello, a former senior aide to Sen. John Fetterman, D-Pa., to help with his campaign. "To call me a liberal, I think, is fairly amusing. I mean, I’m a competitive pistol shooter. That’s what I do on the weekends," he told the media outlet. "I’m a firearms instructor. I spent multiple years, obviously, in the service utilizing firearms. I also grew up in rural Maine, where guns are a part of our existence." Sen. Susan Collins meets with U.S. Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson in her office on March 8, 2022. (Jim Bourg) The Democratic challenger list against Collins is growing, and reports say those already in office are trying to tap Janet Mills, the state's 77-year-old Democratic governor, for the seat. Republicans currently control the majority of the Senate by a 53-47 margin. Democrats would need to flip four seats in the 2026 midterm elections to take the majority. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A spokesperson for Collins told Fox News Digital that Platner is "just another progressive entering the race." Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.