close Democrats continue to insist on unmasking ICE agents Fox News correspondent CB Cotton reports on a tragic drunk driving accident caused by illegal migrant that resulted in two deaths, and 'The Big Weekend Show' co-hosts discuss Democrats' push for I.C.E. agents to be unmasked. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min A high-profile California Democrat erupted at ICE after agents showed up at California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s press conference announcing his redistricting plans were meant to confront the Trump administration and Texas Republicans . California state Sen. Scott Wiener, of San Francisco County, expressed his outrage on Reddit , reposting a tweet from Newsom’s press office that mocked President Donald Trump’s all-caps custom. "I’m authoring legislation to shut this ski mask s--t down," Wiener wrote in bolded letters above an image of Newsom’s office’s tweet, which read: "BORDER PATROL HAS SHOWED UP AT OUR BIG BEAUTIFUL PRESS CONFERENCE! WE WILL NOT BE INTIMIDATED!" (sic). Wiener went on to call Texas’ redistricting process "rigged" and accused "Trump and his cronies" of initiating it. CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS ACCUSE NEWSOM OF 'SINISTER REDISTRICTING SCHEME' AFTER TRUMP MOCKERY California State Senator Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, left; DHS agents, right. (Getty) "Trump’s thugs showed up with ski masks. This situation — California leaders rallying for democracy and Trump’s secret police showing up to intimidate people — encapsulates exactly where our country is right now," Wiener said. "I’m proud of California for standing up for our democracy, and I look forward to voting for the California redistricting plan next week." Wiener’s bill would enforce misdemeanor charges against law enforcement who wear any "personal disguise while interacting with the public in performance of their duties, except as specified." CALIFORNIA'S TOP REPUBLICAN RIPS DEMS BLOCKING ‘OIL GOLDMINE’ AFTER NEW TRUMP PROJECT REBUFFS SCHIFF Video "By creating a new crime, this bill would impose a state-mandated local program. The bill would additionally state the intent of the Legislature to enact legislation to ensure that Special Weapons and Tactics team officers can utilize gear necessary to protect their faces from physical harm while they perform their duties, and to enact legislation to require local, state, and federal law enforcement officers to include their name or badge number on their uniforms." California Democrats, including Newsom, previously enforced the opposite during the coronavirus pandemic, ordering Californians to wear face masks in public. Wiener also filed paperwork earlier this summer to run as a candidate in the 2028 election for the congressional district now represented by Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. KRON, which also reported on the fiery Reddit post, asked the lawmaker about the filing. Wiener told the outlet that he intends to run for Pelosi’s seat whenever she vacates it, whether it be in 2026 or the following cycle. "This filing is a critical step to prepare for the serious work of running to succeed one of the icons of American politics." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video The 11th Congressional District is rated D+37 by the Cook Political Report, one point more Republican than it was in 2023. Therefore, the Democratic primary election is often indicative of the general’s result. "In a potential race against extremely wealthy candidates who can self-fund, I’ll have to work very hard to prepare to go toe to toe," Wiener told KRON , citing a "fight for democracy." Pelosi is 85 years old and has held the seat since she won a special election to succeed the late Rep. Sala Burton, D-Calif., in 1987. Millennial businessman Bruce Lou garnered 19% of the vote in November as Pelosi’s most recent Republican opponent. Lou also slammed the state’s redistricting plans on Friday, calling them a "Gavin-mander." Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Democrats continue to insist on unmasking ICE agents Fox News correspondent CB Cotton reports on a tragic drunk driving accident caused by illegal migrant that resulted in two deaths, and 'The Big Weekend Show' co-hosts discuss Democrats' push for I.C.E. agents to be unmasked. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min A high-profile California Democrat erupted at ICE after agents showed up at California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s press conference announcing his redistricting plans were meant to confront the Trump administration and Texas Republicans . California state Sen. Scott Wiener, of San Francisco County, expressed his outrage on Reddit , reposting a tweet from Newsom’s press office that mocked President Donald Trump’s all-caps custom. "I’m authoring legislation to shut this ski mask s--t down," Wiener wrote in bolded letters above an image of Newsom’s office’s tweet, which read: "BORDER PATROL HAS SHOWED UP AT OUR BIG BEAUTIFUL PRESS CONFERENCE! WE WILL NOT BE INTIMIDATED!" (sic). Wiener went on to call Texas’ redistricting process "rigged" and accused "Trump and his cronies" of initiating it. CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS ACCUSE NEWSOM OF 'SINISTER REDISTRICTING SCHEME' AFTER TRUMP MOCKERY California State Senator Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, left; DHS agents, right. (Getty) "Trump’s thugs showed up with ski masks. This situation — California leaders rallying for democracy and Trump’s secret police showing up to intimidate people — encapsulates exactly where our country is right now," Wiener said. "I’m proud of California for standing up for our democracy, and I look forward to voting for the California redistricting plan next week." Wiener’s bill would enforce misdemeanor charges against law enforcement who wear any "personal disguise while interacting with the public in performance of their duties, except as specified." CALIFORNIA'S TOP REPUBLICAN RIPS DEMS BLOCKING ‘OIL GOLDMINE’ AFTER NEW TRUMP PROJECT REBUFFS SCHIFF Video "By creating a new crime, this bill would impose a state-mandated local program. The bill would additionally state the intent of the Legislature to enact legislation to ensure that Special Weapons and Tactics team officers can utilize gear necessary to protect their faces from physical harm while they perform their duties, and to enact legislation to require local, state, and federal law enforcement officers to include their name or badge number on their uniforms." California Democrats, including Newsom, previously enforced the opposite during the coronavirus pandemic, ordering Californians to wear face masks in public. Wiener also filed paperwork earlier this summer to run as a candidate in the 2028 election for the congressional district now represented by Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. KRON, which also reported on the fiery Reddit post, asked the lawmaker about the filing. Wiener told the outlet that he intends to run for Pelosi’s seat whenever she vacates it, whether it be in 2026 or the following cycle. "This filing is a critical step to prepare for the serious work of running to succeed one of the icons of American politics." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video The 11th Congressional District is rated D+37 by the Cook Political Report, one point more Republican than it was in 2023. Therefore, the Democratic primary election is often indicative of the general’s result. "In a potential race against extremely wealthy candidates who can self-fund, I’ll have to work very hard to prepare to go toe to toe," Wiener told KRON , citing a "fight for democracy." Pelosi is 85 years old and has held the seat since she won a special election to succeed the late Rep. Sala Burton, D-Calif., in 1987. Millennial businessman Bruce Lou garnered 19% of the vote in November as Pelosi’s most recent Republican opponent. Lou also slammed the state’s redistricting plans on Friday, calling them a "Gavin-mander." Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Democrats continue to insist on unmasking ICE agents Fox News correspondent CB Cotton reports on a tragic drunk driving accident caused by illegal migrant that resulted in two deaths, and 'The Big Weekend Show' co-hosts discuss Democrats' push for I.C.E. agents to be unmasked. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min A high-profile California Democrat erupted at ICE after agents showed up at California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s press conference announcing his redistricting plans were meant to confront the Trump administration and Texas Republicans . California state Sen. Scott Wiener, of San Francisco County, expressed his outrage on Reddit , reposting a tweet from Newsom’s press office that mocked President Donald Trump’s all-caps custom. "I’m authoring legislation to shut this ski mask s--t down," Wiener wrote in bolded letters above an image of Newsom’s office’s tweet, which read: "BORDER PATROL HAS SHOWED UP AT OUR BIG BEAUTIFUL PRESS CONFERENCE! WE WILL NOT BE INTIMIDATED!" (sic). Wiener went on to call Texas’ redistricting process "rigged" and accused "Trump and his cronies" of initiating it. CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS ACCUSE NEWSOM OF 'SINISTER REDISTRICTING SCHEME' AFTER TRUMP MOCKERY California State Senator Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, left; DHS agents, right. (Getty) "Trump’s thugs showed up with ski masks. This situation — California leaders rallying for democracy and Trump’s secret police showing up to intimidate people — encapsulates exactly where our country is right now," Wiener said. "I’m proud of California for standing up for our democracy, and I look forward to voting for the California redistricting plan next week." Wiener’s bill would enforce misdemeanor charges against law enforcement who wear any "personal disguise while interacting with the public in performance of their duties, except as specified." CALIFORNIA'S TOP REPUBLICAN RIPS DEMS BLOCKING ‘OIL GOLDMINE’ AFTER NEW TRUMP PROJECT REBUFFS SCHIFF Video "By creating a new crime, this bill would impose a state-mandated local program. The bill would additionally state the intent of the Legislature to enact legislation to ensure that Special Weapons and Tactics team officers can utilize gear necessary to protect their faces from physical harm while they perform their duties, and to enact legislation to require local, state, and federal law enforcement officers to include their name or badge number on their uniforms." California Democrats, including Newsom, previously enforced the opposite during the coronavirus pandemic, ordering Californians to wear face masks in public. Wiener also filed paperwork earlier this summer to run as a candidate in the 2028 election for the congressional district now represented by Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. KRON, which also reported on the fiery Reddit post, asked the lawmaker about the filing. Wiener told the outlet that he intends to run for Pelosi’s seat whenever she vacates it, whether it be in 2026 or the following cycle. "This filing is a critical step to prepare for the serious work of running to succeed one of the icons of American politics." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Video The 11th Congressional District is rated D+37 by the Cook Political Report, one point more Republican than it was in 2023. Therefore, the Democratic primary election is often indicative of the general’s result. "In a potential race against extremely wealthy candidates who can self-fund, I’ll have to work very hard to prepare to go toe to toe," Wiener told KRON , citing a "fight for democracy." Pelosi is 85 years old and has held the seat since she won a special election to succeed the late Rep. Sala Burton, D-Calif., in 1987. Millennial businessman Bruce Lou garnered 19% of the vote in November as Pelosi’s most recent Republican opponent. Lou also slammed the state’s redistricting plans on Friday, calling them a "Gavin-mander." Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant. Charles covers media , politics and culture for Fox News Digital. Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.