close Cincinnati mayor announces increased police presence following street brawl Fox News' Chanley Painter provides details on Cincinnati officials' response to the street brawl that left a number of individuals injured. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Two suspects arrested in connection with the viral July 26 downtown Cincinnati beatdown have been released on bond, while police hunt for an eighth alleged perpetrator in the assault. The Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital that DeKyra Vernon, 24, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, were released from the Hamilton County Jail on Friday. In a Thursday arraignment, Vernon's bond was reduced from $250,000 to $25,000 at 10%. On the same day, Devaughn's bond was reduced from $300,000 to $25,000 at 10%. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN DeKyra Vernon is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thursday, Aug. 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Both Vernon and Devaughn have been charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Aisha Devaughn is brought into Hamilton County Common Pleas Court for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Meanwhile, the Cincinnati Police Department (CPD) is asking for help locating an eighth suspect in connection with the downtown attack on July 26 that went viral due to its shocking level of violence. "Central Business Section is investigating a Felonious Assault offense that occurred on 4th Street and Elm on July 26, 2025," the department said on X. CPD did not say how the suspect was allegedly involved in the beating. Those who might have information on the suspect are asked to call CPD Det. Blank. The Cincinnati Police Department released this photo of the eighth suspect in the viral downtown brawl on Aug 18, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department ) SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The beatings took place in the early morning hours of July 26 on the corner of Fourth and Elm Street, outside a local nightclub. Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34 and Dominique Kittle, 37, are also each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Matthews' bond was set at $250,000, which he posted immediately after his arrest. The rest of the suspects remain in jail. Separately, Merriweather is facing a federal gun charge for illegally possessing a weapon as a felon. Montianez Merriwether is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for his arraignment, Cincinnati, Ohio, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) A seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was indicted on charges of aggravated riot and felony aggravated robbery after he allegedly "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm" during the violent beatdown, according to a criminal complaint. FIFTH SUSPECT ARRESTED IN VIRAL CINCINNATI BEATDOWN AS VICTIM DETAILS HER 'ONGOING BATTLE' During an Aug. 1 news conference , Cincinnati Mayor Aftab Pureval said everyone involved in the attack would be charged. "I agree with Pastor Lynch, that there is no doubt that this public safety challenge, that this incident will require further investigation, further charges and further arrests for every single person involved," he said. Mayor Aftab Pureval participates in a candidate forum with Brian Frank hosted by the Cincinnati NAACP on April 15, 2025, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster,File) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Rev. Damon Lynch, a community leader, had previously complained during the news conference that the victims, who are White, have not been charged. "But when I see the mugshots, I only see people who look like me," said Lynch, who is Black. "I don't see the person who re-engaged. And so, until we see all the mugshots, this is still a racial issue." Peter D'Abrosca joined Fox News Digital in 2025. Previously, he was a politics reporter at The Tennessee Star. He grew up in Rhode Island and is a graduate of Elon University. Follow Peter on X at @pmd_reports . Send story tips to peter.dabrosca@fox.com. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Cincinnati mayor announces increased police presence following street brawl Fox News' Chanley Painter provides details on Cincinnati officials' response to the street brawl that left a number of individuals injured. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Two suspects arrested in connection with the viral July 26 downtown Cincinnati beatdown have been released on bond, while police hunt for an eighth alleged perpetrator in the assault. The Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital that DeKyra Vernon, 24, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, were released from the Hamilton County Jail on Friday. In a Thursday arraignment, Vernon's bond was reduced from $250,000 to $25,000 at 10%. On the same day, Devaughn's bond was reduced from $300,000 to $25,000 at 10%. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN DeKyra Vernon is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thursday, Aug. 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Both Vernon and Devaughn have been charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Aisha Devaughn is brought into Hamilton County Common Pleas Court for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Meanwhile, the Cincinnati Police Department (CPD) is asking for help locating an eighth suspect in connection with the downtown attack on July 26 that went viral due to its shocking level of violence. "Central Business Section is investigating a Felonious Assault offense that occurred on 4th Street and Elm on July 26, 2025," the department said on X. CPD did not say how the suspect was allegedly involved in the beating. Those who might have information on the suspect are asked to call CPD Det. Blank. The Cincinnati Police Department released this photo of the eighth suspect in the viral downtown brawl on Aug 18, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department ) SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The beatings took place in the early morning hours of July 26 on the corner of Fourth and Elm Street, outside a local nightclub. Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34 and Dominique Kittle, 37, are also each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Matthews' bond was set at $250,000, which he posted immediately after his arrest. The rest of the suspects remain in jail. Separately, Merriweather is facing a federal gun charge for illegally possessing a weapon as a felon. Montianez Merriwether is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for his arraignment, Cincinnati, Ohio, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) A seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was indicted on charges of aggravated riot and felony aggravated robbery after he allegedly "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm" during the violent beatdown, according to a criminal complaint. FIFTH SUSPECT ARRESTED IN VIRAL CINCINNATI BEATDOWN AS VICTIM DETAILS HER 'ONGOING BATTLE' During an Aug. 1 news conference , Cincinnati Mayor Aftab Pureval said everyone involved in the attack would be charged. "I agree with Pastor Lynch, that there is no doubt that this public safety challenge, that this incident will require further investigation, further charges and further arrests for every single person involved," he said. Mayor Aftab Pureval participates in a candidate forum with Brian Frank hosted by the Cincinnati NAACP on April 15, 2025, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster,File) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Rev. Damon Lynch, a community leader, had previously complained during the news conference that the victims, who are White, have not been charged. "But when I see the mugshots, I only see people who look like me," said Lynch, who is Black. "I don't see the person who re-engaged. And so, until we see all the mugshots, this is still a racial issue." Peter D'Abrosca joined Fox News Digital in 2025. Previously, he was a politics reporter at The Tennessee Star. He grew up in Rhode Island and is a graduate of Elon University. Follow Peter on X at @pmd_reports . Send story tips to peter.dabrosca@fox.com. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Cincinnati mayor announces increased police presence following street brawl Fox News' Chanley Painter provides details on Cincinnati officials' response to the street brawl that left a number of individuals injured. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Two suspects arrested in connection with the viral July 26 downtown Cincinnati beatdown have been released on bond, while police hunt for an eighth alleged perpetrator in the assault. The Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office confirmed to Fox News Digital that DeKyra Vernon, 24, and Aisha Devaughn, 25, were released from the Hamilton County Jail on Friday. In a Thursday arraignment, Vernon's bond was reduced from $250,000 to $25,000 at 10%. On the same day, Devaughn's bond was reduced from $300,000 to $25,000 at 10%. CINCINNATI FELON WITH 22 PRIOR ARRESTS INDICTED FOR ALLEGEDLY SNATCHING VICTIM'S CHAIN DURING VIRAL BEATDOWN DeKyra Vernon is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thursday, Aug. 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Both Vernon and Devaughn have been charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Aisha Devaughn is brought into Hamilton County Common Pleas Court for her arraignment in Cincinnati, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) Meanwhile, the Cincinnati Police Department (CPD) is asking for help locating an eighth suspect in connection with the downtown attack on July 26 that went viral due to its shocking level of violence. "Central Business Section is investigating a Felonious Assault offense that occurred on 4th Street and Elm on July 26, 2025," the department said on X. CPD did not say how the suspect was allegedly involved in the beating. Those who might have information on the suspect are asked to call CPD Det. Blank. The Cincinnati Police Department released this photo of the eighth suspect in the viral downtown brawl on Aug 18, 2025. (Cincinnati Police Department ) SEVENTH CINCINNATI ASSAULT SUSPECT ARRESTED OVER VIOLENT BEATDOWN The beatings took place in the early morning hours of July 26 on the corner of Fourth and Elm Street, outside a local nightclub. Patrick Rosemond, 38, Jermaine Matthews, 39, Montianez Merriweather, 34 and Dominique Kittle, 37, are also each charged with three counts of alleged felonious assault, three counts of assault and two counts of aggravated rioting. Matthews' bond was set at $250,000, which he posted immediately after his arrest. The rest of the suspects remain in jail. Separately, Merriweather is facing a federal gun charge for illegally possessing a weapon as a felon. Montianez Merriwether is brought before Hamilton County Common Pleas Court Judge, Alan Triggs for his arraignment, Cincinnati, Ohio, Thursday, August 14, 2025. (Matthew Symons for Fox News Digital) A seventh suspect, Gregory Wright, 32, was indicted on charges of aggravated riot and felony aggravated robbery after he allegedly "did by force rip the necklace off the victim while he was being assaulted by four or more co-defendants attempting to cause serious physical harm" during the violent beatdown, according to a criminal complaint. FIFTH SUSPECT ARRESTED IN VIRAL CINCINNATI BEATDOWN AS VICTIM DETAILS HER 'ONGOING BATTLE' During an Aug. 1 news conference , Cincinnati Mayor Aftab Pureval said everyone involved in the attack would be charged. "I agree with Pastor Lynch, that there is no doubt that this public safety challenge, that this incident will require further investigation, further charges and further arrests for every single person involved," he said. Mayor Aftab Pureval participates in a candidate forum with Brian Frank hosted by the Cincinnati NAACP on April 15, 2025, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster,File) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Rev. Damon Lynch, a community leader, had previously complained during the news conference that the victims, who are White, have not been charged. "But when I see the mugshots, I only see people who look like me," said Lynch, who is Black. "I don't see the person who re-engaged. And so, until we see all the mugshots, this is still a racial issue." Peter D'Abrosca joined Fox News Digital in 2025. Previously, he was a politics reporter at The Tennessee Star. He grew up in Rhode Island and is a graduate of Elon University. Follow Peter on X at @pmd_reports . Send story tips to peter.dabrosca@fox.com. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.