close ‘I’ve got questions’: Expert reacts to mystery surrounding Montauk Yacht Club death Forensics expert Joseph Scott Morgan joins 'Fox & Friends' to discuss the death of New York City designer Martha Nolan-O'Slatarra. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Funeral arrangements have been announced for 33-year-old fashion designer Martha Nolan, a native of Ireland who launched a summerwear brand called East x East in New York before police found her dead aboard a 54-foot yacht in Montauk earlier this month. A funeral Mass is scheduled for 10 a.m. Wednesday local time at the Cathedral of the Assumption in Carlow, Ireland, followed immediately by her burial at St. Mary's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, her family is asking for donations in her honor to be made to the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust, a donor-funded charity that brings the remains of Irish nationals home for burial. HOMICIDE INVESTIGATOR WARNS AGAINST RUSHING BIKINI DESIGNER'S YACHT DEATH PROBE AS LAWYER REVEALS NEW DETAILS Martha Nolan, of Manhattan, was found unresponsive on a boat in Montauk, New York on Tuesday, Aug. 5. The 33-year-old entrepreneur owned a resort wear company. (Martha Nolan/Instagram) Her family was reportedly seeking a second autopsy before her remains were returned home. Her official cause of death could not be determined after a preliminary investigation and autopsy, according to Suffolk County police. Authorities said they found no signs of violence and are expected to be awaiting the results of a toxicology report. Arthur Aidala, a high-profile New York attorney hired by her family, said relatives met with homicide detectives and that a "deep, deep" investigation was underway to determine what happened to her before she died. MYSTERY STILL SURROUNDS DEATH OF IRISH FASHION DESIGNER AT EXCLUSIVE MONTAUK YACHT CLUB Law enforcement officers gather near luxury yachts at the Montauk Yacht Club marina as part of an active investigation into the death of 33-year-old Martha Nolan. (WNYW) Aidala is disputing some reports that suggest a drug overdose is expected in Nolan's death, calling them premature and speculative. He urged patience as the family awaits more information and investigators continue to probe the incident. Town of East Hampton police arrived at the Montauk Yacht Club around midnight on Aug. 5 in response to a report of an unconscious woman on a Sea Ray Sundancer 540 docked there, named the Ripple. When officers arrived, good Samaritans were attempting CPR, according to authorities. But first responders pronounced Nolan dead at the scene. MONTAUK YACHT DEATH: TIMELINE REVEALS BIKINI MOGUL’S FINAL DAYS IN HAMPTONS BEFORE MYSTERIOUS DEMISE Martha Nolan's family met with Suffolk County detectives as the investigation into the 33-year-old fashion entrepreneur enters its second week. (GoFundMe) County homicide detectives took over the investigation later that morning. Nolan was the founder of East x East, a boutique fashion company focused on beachwear and sunglasses. It also offered a Montauk-themed hoodie, emblazoned with the slogan, "I only love you in Montauk." The yacht owner was reportedly an investor in Nolan's business. At the time of her death, she was also going through a divorce from her husband, Sam Ryan. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News' Michael Dorgan contributed to this report. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close ‘I’ve got questions’: Expert reacts to mystery surrounding Montauk Yacht Club death Forensics expert Joseph Scott Morgan joins 'Fox & Friends' to discuss the death of New York City designer Martha Nolan-O'Slatarra. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Funeral arrangements have been announced for 33-year-old fashion designer Martha Nolan, a native of Ireland who launched a summerwear brand called East x East in New York before police found her dead aboard a 54-foot yacht in Montauk earlier this month. A funeral Mass is scheduled for 10 a.m. Wednesday local time at the Cathedral of the Assumption in Carlow, Ireland, followed immediately by her burial at St. Mary's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, her family is asking for donations in her honor to be made to the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust, a donor-funded charity that brings the remains of Irish nationals home for burial. HOMICIDE INVESTIGATOR WARNS AGAINST RUSHING BIKINI DESIGNER'S YACHT DEATH PROBE AS LAWYER REVEALS NEW DETAILS Martha Nolan, of Manhattan, was found unresponsive on a boat in Montauk, New York on Tuesday, Aug. 5. The 33-year-old entrepreneur owned a resort wear company. (Martha Nolan/Instagram) Her family was reportedly seeking a second autopsy before her remains were returned home. Her official cause of death could not be determined after a preliminary investigation and autopsy, according to Suffolk County police. Authorities said they found no signs of violence and are expected to be awaiting the results of a toxicology report. Arthur Aidala, a high-profile New York attorney hired by her family, said relatives met with homicide detectives and that a "deep, deep" investigation was underway to determine what happened to her before she died. MYSTERY STILL SURROUNDS DEATH OF IRISH FASHION DESIGNER AT EXCLUSIVE MONTAUK YACHT CLUB Law enforcement officers gather near luxury yachts at the Montauk Yacht Club marina as part of an active investigation into the death of 33-year-old Martha Nolan. (WNYW) Aidala is disputing some reports that suggest a drug overdose is expected in Nolan's death, calling them premature and speculative. He urged patience as the family awaits more information and investigators continue to probe the incident. Town of East Hampton police arrived at the Montauk Yacht Club around midnight on Aug. 5 in response to a report of an unconscious woman on a Sea Ray Sundancer 540 docked there, named the Ripple. When officers arrived, good Samaritans were attempting CPR, according to authorities. But first responders pronounced Nolan dead at the scene. MONTAUK YACHT DEATH: TIMELINE REVEALS BIKINI MOGUL’S FINAL DAYS IN HAMPTONS BEFORE MYSTERIOUS DEMISE Martha Nolan's family met with Suffolk County detectives as the investigation into the 33-year-old fashion entrepreneur enters its second week. (GoFundMe) County homicide detectives took over the investigation later that morning. Nolan was the founder of East x East, a boutique fashion company focused on beachwear and sunglasses. It also offered a Montauk-themed hoodie, emblazoned with the slogan, "I only love you in Montauk." The yacht owner was reportedly an investor in Nolan's business. At the time of her death, she was also going through a divorce from her husband, Sam Ryan. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News' Michael Dorgan contributed to this report. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close ‘I’ve got questions’: Expert reacts to mystery surrounding Montauk Yacht Club death Forensics expert Joseph Scott Morgan joins 'Fox & Friends' to discuss the death of New York City designer Martha Nolan-O'Slatarra. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Funeral arrangements have been announced for 33-year-old fashion designer Martha Nolan, a native of Ireland who launched a summerwear brand called East x East in New York before police found her dead aboard a 54-foot yacht in Montauk earlier this month. A funeral Mass is scheduled for 10 a.m. Wednesday local time at the Cathedral of the Assumption in Carlow, Ireland, followed immediately by her burial at St. Mary's Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, her family is asking for donations in her honor to be made to the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust, a donor-funded charity that brings the remains of Irish nationals home for burial. HOMICIDE INVESTIGATOR WARNS AGAINST RUSHING BIKINI DESIGNER'S YACHT DEATH PROBE AS LAWYER REVEALS NEW DETAILS Martha Nolan, of Manhattan, was found unresponsive on a boat in Montauk, New York on Tuesday, Aug. 5. The 33-year-old entrepreneur owned a resort wear company. (Martha Nolan/Instagram) Her family was reportedly seeking a second autopsy before her remains were returned home. Her official cause of death could not be determined after a preliminary investigation and autopsy, according to Suffolk County police. Authorities said they found no signs of violence and are expected to be awaiting the results of a toxicology report. Arthur Aidala, a high-profile New York attorney hired by her family, said relatives met with homicide detectives and that a "deep, deep" investigation was underway to determine what happened to her before she died. MYSTERY STILL SURROUNDS DEATH OF IRISH FASHION DESIGNER AT EXCLUSIVE MONTAUK YACHT CLUB Law enforcement officers gather near luxury yachts at the Montauk Yacht Club marina as part of an active investigation into the death of 33-year-old Martha Nolan. (WNYW) Aidala is disputing some reports that suggest a drug overdose is expected in Nolan's death, calling them premature and speculative. He urged patience as the family awaits more information and investigators continue to probe the incident. Town of East Hampton police arrived at the Montauk Yacht Club around midnight on Aug. 5 in response to a report of an unconscious woman on a Sea Ray Sundancer 540 docked there, named the Ripple. When officers arrived, good Samaritans were attempting CPR, according to authorities. But first responders pronounced Nolan dead at the scene. MONTAUK YACHT DEATH: TIMELINE REVEALS BIKINI MOGUL’S FINAL DAYS IN HAMPTONS BEFORE MYSTERIOUS DEMISE Martha Nolan's family met with Suffolk County detectives as the investigation into the 33-year-old fashion entrepreneur enters its second week. (GoFundMe) County homicide detectives took over the investigation later that morning. Nolan was the founder of East x East, a boutique fashion company focused on beachwear and sunglasses. It also offered a Montauk-themed hoodie, emblazoned with the slogan, "I only love you in Montauk." The yacht owner was reportedly an investor in Nolan's business. At the time of her death, she was also going through a divorce from her husband, Sam Ryan. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News' Michael Dorgan contributed to this report. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.