close Body camera footage shows a mother with 'blood on her hands' as police arrest her for allegedly killing her young son Saritha Ramaraju is facing a string of charges after police say she stabbed her 11-year-old son to death after the pair visited Disneyland in Santa Ana, California on Wednesday, March 19, 2025. (Credit: Santa Ana Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min Authorities are questioning the account of a California mother in the disappearance of her 7-month-old son, after discrepancies surfaced in her statements to investigators. On Saturday, Aug. 16, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department (SBCSD) announced that inconsistencies emerged in the account given by Emmanuel’s mother, Rebecca Haro, about the alleged abduction on Aug. 14. "Multiple individuals, including the child’s parents, Jake and Rebecca Haro, were interviewed," the department stated. "During questioning, inconsistencies were noted in Rebecca’s original statement, after which she chose not to continue the interview." Due to these developments, investigators say they are unable to rule out the possibility of foul play in Emmanuel’s disappearance. 911 CALLS, POLICE REPORT DETAILS DARK TIMELINE TO ARIZONA GIRL'S TRAGIC DEATH Police are continuing their search for missing 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro as investigators say his parents aren't cooperating. (The AWARE Foundation Inc. ) Deputies first responded to a report of the missing infant around 7:47 p.m. on August 14. Rebecca Haro allegedly told deputies she had been assaulted outside a store and that her baby was kidnapped during the attack. "Investigators from our Specialized Investigations Division are continuing to investigate the reported kidnapping of a seven-month-old, after the child's mother reported being attacked outside a retail store on Yucaipa Boulevard last night," authorities posted on X. "K9 scent-tracking dogs were deployed, but the child was not located. No suspect information is available at this time." SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS 26-YEAR-OLD MAN GRABBING TODDLER FROM MALL PLAY AREA BEFORE ARREST FOR ABDUCTION According to KTLA, Rebecca Haro said she had taken her children to football practice with her husband, Jake Haro, before stopping at a Big 5 Sporting Goods store to buy a mouthguard. She claimed she realized Emmanuel needed a diaper change when someone said "Hola" to her, after which everything "went blank." She told reporters she searched her car, ran inside the store for help, and then called 911. But when questioned further, investigators said her statements contained significant inconsistencies. Law enforcement officials confirmed that there was no security footage in the area at the time of the incident and that an Amber Alert was also not issued due to the lack of suspect or vehicle descriptions, which did not meet the criteria for activation, KTLA reported. CANADIAN GIRL, 9, FOUND DEAD IN NEW YORK AFTER FATHER CLAIMED SHE WAS KIDNAPPED Police share update on missing infant, 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro (San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department) Authorities told Fox News Digital that the child’s parents have not been fully cooperative and that they "refused to continue talking to investigators." The case drew early attention from advocacy groups, including the Uvalde Foundation for Kids, which initially offered a $5,000 reward for Emmanuel’s recovery. Less than a day later, however, the foundation withdrew its support. "We cannot in good conscience, utilize our team and resources when so much is missing in this case. Of particular concern to us lies within the inconsistencies in the details and the sudden decision by the mother to end communication with law enforcement and our team originally prepared to help," the foundation’s founder, Daniel Chapin, shared in a statement with Fox News Digital. "Tell me, what parent would do that who was missing a child? Something is not right in this whole picture." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS The foundation added that they hope law enforcement will continue to pursue the case till the child is found safe. "Until we have more answers and an actual, factual, clear narrative which we'll help recover the missing child, we are pausing our current efforts," the statement continued. Deputies said the missing infant was last seen wearing a black Nike onesie. He weighs about 21 pounds, is approximately 24 inches tall, has brown hair, brown eyes, and is cross-eyed. The Sheriff’s Specialized Investigations Division said the case remains active. "He has not been located, and our investigators remain committed to finding him," officials said, urging anyone with relevant information to call 909-890-4904. Stepheny Price covers crime, including missing persons, homicides, and migrant crime. Story tips: stepheny.price@fox.com. Stepheny Price is a Writer at Fox News with a focus on West Coast and Midwest news, missing persons, national and international crime stories, homicide cases, and border security. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Body camera footage shows a mother with 'blood on her hands' as police arrest her for allegedly killing her young son Saritha Ramaraju is facing a string of charges after police say she stabbed her 11-year-old son to death after the pair visited Disneyland in Santa Ana, California on Wednesday, March 19, 2025. (Credit: Santa Ana Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min Authorities are questioning the account of a California mother in the disappearance of her 7-month-old son, after discrepancies surfaced in her statements to investigators. On Saturday, Aug. 16, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department (SBCSD) announced that inconsistencies emerged in the account given by Emmanuel’s mother, Rebecca Haro, about the alleged abduction on Aug. 14. "Multiple individuals, including the child’s parents, Jake and Rebecca Haro, were interviewed," the department stated. "During questioning, inconsistencies were noted in Rebecca’s original statement, after which she chose not to continue the interview." Due to these developments, investigators say they are unable to rule out the possibility of foul play in Emmanuel’s disappearance. 911 CALLS, POLICE REPORT DETAILS DARK TIMELINE TO ARIZONA GIRL'S TRAGIC DEATH Police are continuing their search for missing 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro as investigators say his parents aren't cooperating. (The AWARE Foundation Inc. ) Deputies first responded to a report of the missing infant around 7:47 p.m. on August 14. Rebecca Haro allegedly told deputies she had been assaulted outside a store and that her baby was kidnapped during the attack. "Investigators from our Specialized Investigations Division are continuing to investigate the reported kidnapping of a seven-month-old, after the child's mother reported being attacked outside a retail store on Yucaipa Boulevard last night," authorities posted on X. "K9 scent-tracking dogs were deployed, but the child was not located. No suspect information is available at this time." SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS 26-YEAR-OLD MAN GRABBING TODDLER FROM MALL PLAY AREA BEFORE ARREST FOR ABDUCTION According to KTLA, Rebecca Haro said she had taken her children to football practice with her husband, Jake Haro, before stopping at a Big 5 Sporting Goods store to buy a mouthguard. She claimed she realized Emmanuel needed a diaper change when someone said "Hola" to her, after which everything "went blank." She told reporters she searched her car, ran inside the store for help, and then called 911. But when questioned further, investigators said her statements contained significant inconsistencies. Law enforcement officials confirmed that there was no security footage in the area at the time of the incident and that an Amber Alert was also not issued due to the lack of suspect or vehicle descriptions, which did not meet the criteria for activation, KTLA reported. CANADIAN GIRL, 9, FOUND DEAD IN NEW YORK AFTER FATHER CLAIMED SHE WAS KIDNAPPED Police share update on missing infant, 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro (San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department) Authorities told Fox News Digital that the child’s parents have not been fully cooperative and that they "refused to continue talking to investigators." The case drew early attention from advocacy groups, including the Uvalde Foundation for Kids, which initially offered a $5,000 reward for Emmanuel’s recovery. Less than a day later, however, the foundation withdrew its support. "We cannot in good conscience, utilize our team and resources when so much is missing in this case. Of particular concern to us lies within the inconsistencies in the details and the sudden decision by the mother to end communication with law enforcement and our team originally prepared to help," the foundation’s founder, Daniel Chapin, shared in a statement with Fox News Digital. "Tell me, what parent would do that who was missing a child? Something is not right in this whole picture." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS The foundation added that they hope law enforcement will continue to pursue the case till the child is found safe. "Until we have more answers and an actual, factual, clear narrative which we'll help recover the missing child, we are pausing our current efforts," the statement continued. Deputies said the missing infant was last seen wearing a black Nike onesie. He weighs about 21 pounds, is approximately 24 inches tall, has brown hair, brown eyes, and is cross-eyed. The Sheriff’s Specialized Investigations Division said the case remains active. "He has not been located, and our investigators remain committed to finding him," officials said, urging anyone with relevant information to call 909-890-4904. Stepheny Price covers crime, including missing persons, homicides, and migrant crime. Story tips: stepheny.price@fox.com. Stepheny Price is a Writer at Fox News with a focus on West Coast and Midwest news, missing persons, national and international crime stories, homicide cases, and border security. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Body camera footage shows a mother with 'blood on her hands' as police arrest her for allegedly killing her young son Saritha Ramaraju is facing a string of charges after police say she stabbed her 11-year-old son to death after the pair visited Disneyland in Santa Ana, California on Wednesday, March 19, 2025. (Credit: Santa Ana Police Department) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min Authorities are questioning the account of a California mother in the disappearance of her 7-month-old son, after discrepancies surfaced in her statements to investigators. On Saturday, Aug. 16, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department (SBCSD) announced that inconsistencies emerged in the account given by Emmanuel’s mother, Rebecca Haro, about the alleged abduction on Aug. 14. "Multiple individuals, including the child’s parents, Jake and Rebecca Haro, were interviewed," the department stated. "During questioning, inconsistencies were noted in Rebecca’s original statement, after which she chose not to continue the interview." Due to these developments, investigators say they are unable to rule out the possibility of foul play in Emmanuel’s disappearance. 911 CALLS, POLICE REPORT DETAILS DARK TIMELINE TO ARIZONA GIRL'S TRAGIC DEATH Police are continuing their search for missing 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro as investigators say his parents aren't cooperating. (The AWARE Foundation Inc. ) Deputies first responded to a report of the missing infant around 7:47 p.m. on August 14. Rebecca Haro allegedly told deputies she had been assaulted outside a store and that her baby was kidnapped during the attack. "Investigators from our Specialized Investigations Division are continuing to investigate the reported kidnapping of a seven-month-old, after the child's mother reported being attacked outside a retail store on Yucaipa Boulevard last night," authorities posted on X. "K9 scent-tracking dogs were deployed, but the child was not located. No suspect information is available at this time." SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS 26-YEAR-OLD MAN GRABBING TODDLER FROM MALL PLAY AREA BEFORE ARREST FOR ABDUCTION According to KTLA, Rebecca Haro said she had taken her children to football practice with her husband, Jake Haro, before stopping at a Big 5 Sporting Goods store to buy a mouthguard. She claimed she realized Emmanuel needed a diaper change when someone said "Hola" to her, after which everything "went blank." She told reporters she searched her car, ran inside the store for help, and then called 911. But when questioned further, investigators said her statements contained significant inconsistencies. Law enforcement officials confirmed that there was no security footage in the area at the time of the incident and that an Amber Alert was also not issued due to the lack of suspect or vehicle descriptions, which did not meet the criteria for activation, KTLA reported. CANADIAN GIRL, 9, FOUND DEAD IN NEW YORK AFTER FATHER CLAIMED SHE WAS KIDNAPPED Police share update on missing infant, 7-month-old Emmanuel Haro (San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department) Authorities told Fox News Digital that the child’s parents have not been fully cooperative and that they "refused to continue talking to investigators." The case drew early attention from advocacy groups, including the Uvalde Foundation for Kids, which initially offered a $5,000 reward for Emmanuel’s recovery. Less than a day later, however, the foundation withdrew its support. "We cannot in good conscience, utilize our team and resources when so much is missing in this case. Of particular concern to us lies within the inconsistencies in the details and the sudden decision by the mother to end communication with law enforcement and our team originally prepared to help," the foundation’s founder, Daniel Chapin, shared in a statement with Fox News Digital. "Tell me, what parent would do that who was missing a child? Something is not right in this whole picture." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS The foundation added that they hope law enforcement will continue to pursue the case till the child is found safe. "Until we have more answers and an actual, factual, clear narrative which we'll help recover the missing child, we are pausing our current efforts," the statement continued. Deputies said the missing infant was last seen wearing a black Nike onesie. He weighs about 21 pounds, is approximately 24 inches tall, has brown hair, brown eyes, and is cross-eyed. The Sheriff’s Specialized Investigations Division said the case remains active. "He has not been located, and our investigators remain committed to finding him," officials said, urging anyone with relevant information to call 909-890-4904. Stepheny Price covers crime, including missing persons, homicides, and migrant crime. Story tips: stepheny.price@fox.com. Stepheny Price is a Writer at Fox News with a focus on West Coast and Midwest news, missing persons, national and international crime stories, homicide cases, and border security. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.