close Ex-Southwest pilot arrested after failing field sobriety test before scheduled takeoff from Georgia Newly-released footage shows former Southwest Airlines pilot David Allsop failing a sobriety test shortly before the flight's scheduled takeoff in January. (Source: Savannah Airport Police) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Authorities have released footage of a Southwest Airlines pilot failing a sobriety test shortly before takeoff in January. David Allsop, 52, of New Hampshire was taken into custody at Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport at around 7 a.m. on Jan. 7, per the Chatham County Sheriff's Office. Police bodycam video shows officers questioning Allsop after receiving reports that the pilot might have been under the influence just before Southwest Flight 3772 was about to leave Georgia for Chicago. The pilot admitted that he drank "a few beers" 10 hours before the flight, to which the officer asked him to clarify. PASSENGERS REMOVED FROM PLANE, ARRESTED FOR ALLEGED VODKA-INDUCED DRUNK AND DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR Authorities released video showing a Southwest Airlines pilot questioned by police in January. (Savannah Airport Police) Officers noted the smell of alcohol and requested that Allsop take a field sobriety test. The pilot initially claimed there was "no need." "A few beers," Allsop repeated. "Define a few beers?" the officer asked again. "Like three," the pilot said. "Light beer, Miller Lite." Allsop ultimately complied, and video footage shows him attempting to walk a straight line, though authorities determined he was still intoxicated. TERRIFIED PASSENGERS 'FLEW OUT OF THEIR SEATS' DURING DRAMATIC SOUTHWEST NOSEDIVE TO AVOID MID-AIR CRASH David Allsop was arrested in January in relation to the Flight 3772 incident. (Chatham County Sheriff's Office) Allsop was arrested, and the flight was delayed for four hours and left at 11 a.m. Passengers were rebooked or accommodated on other flights, Southwest Airlines said. In January, Southwest told Fox News Digital that Allsop was "removed from duty." "Customers were accommodated on other flights, and we apologize for the disruption to their travel plans," a spokesperson said at the time. "There's nothing more important to Southwest than the safety of our employees and customers." The pilot told officers he consumed "a few beers" about 10 hours before reporting for duty. (Savannah Airport Police) The Federal Aviation Administration strictly prohibits pilots from consuming alcohol within eight hours of a flight. They are also not allowed to have a blood alcohol content (BAC) of 0.04% or higher. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to Southwest on Monday for comment. Andrea Margolis is a lifestyle writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. Readers can follow her on X at @andreamargs or send story tips to andrea.margolis@fox.com . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Ex-Southwest pilot arrested after failing field sobriety test before scheduled takeoff from Georgia Newly-released footage shows former Southwest Airlines pilot David Allsop failing a sobriety test shortly before the flight's scheduled takeoff in January. (Source: Savannah Airport Police) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Authorities have released footage of a Southwest Airlines pilot failing a sobriety test shortly before takeoff in January. David Allsop, 52, of New Hampshire was taken into custody at Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport at around 7 a.m. on Jan. 7, per the Chatham County Sheriff's Office. Police bodycam video shows officers questioning Allsop after receiving reports that the pilot might have been under the influence just before Southwest Flight 3772 was about to leave Georgia for Chicago. The pilot admitted that he drank "a few beers" 10 hours before the flight, to which the officer asked him to clarify. PASSENGERS REMOVED FROM PLANE, ARRESTED FOR ALLEGED VODKA-INDUCED DRUNK AND DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR Authorities released video showing a Southwest Airlines pilot questioned by police in January. (Savannah Airport Police) Officers noted the smell of alcohol and requested that Allsop take a field sobriety test. The pilot initially claimed there was "no need." "A few beers," Allsop repeated. "Define a few beers?" the officer asked again. "Like three," the pilot said. "Light beer, Miller Lite." Allsop ultimately complied, and video footage shows him attempting to walk a straight line, though authorities determined he was still intoxicated. TERRIFIED PASSENGERS 'FLEW OUT OF THEIR SEATS' DURING DRAMATIC SOUTHWEST NOSEDIVE TO AVOID MID-AIR CRASH David Allsop was arrested in January in relation to the Flight 3772 incident. (Chatham County Sheriff's Office) Allsop was arrested, and the flight was delayed for four hours and left at 11 a.m. Passengers were rebooked or accommodated on other flights, Southwest Airlines said. In January, Southwest told Fox News Digital that Allsop was "removed from duty." "Customers were accommodated on other flights, and we apologize for the disruption to their travel plans," a spokesperson said at the time. "There's nothing more important to Southwest than the safety of our employees and customers." The pilot told officers he consumed "a few beers" about 10 hours before reporting for duty. (Savannah Airport Police) The Federal Aviation Administration strictly prohibits pilots from consuming alcohol within eight hours of a flight. They are also not allowed to have a blood alcohol content (BAC) of 0.04% or higher. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to Southwest on Monday for comment. Andrea Margolis is a lifestyle writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. Readers can follow her on X at @andreamargs or send story tips to andrea.margolis@fox.com . True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Ex-Southwest pilot arrested after failing field sobriety test before scheduled takeoff from Georgia Newly-released footage shows former Southwest Airlines pilot David Allsop failing a sobriety test shortly before the flight's scheduled takeoff in January. (Source: Savannah Airport Police) NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Authorities have released footage of a Southwest Airlines pilot failing a sobriety test shortly before takeoff in January. David Allsop, 52, of New Hampshire was taken into custody at Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport at around 7 a.m. on Jan. 7, per the Chatham County Sheriff's Office. Police bodycam video shows officers questioning Allsop after receiving reports that the pilot might have been under the influence just before Southwest Flight 3772 was about to leave Georgia for Chicago. The pilot admitted that he drank "a few beers" 10 hours before the flight, to which the officer asked him to clarify. PASSENGERS REMOVED FROM PLANE, ARRESTED FOR ALLEGED VODKA-INDUCED DRUNK AND DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR Authorities released video showing a Southwest Airlines pilot questioned by police in January. (Savannah Airport Police) Officers noted the smell of alcohol and requested that Allsop take a field sobriety test. The pilot initially claimed there was "no need." "A few beers," Allsop repeated. "Define a few beers?" the officer asked again. "Like three," the pilot said. "Light beer, Miller Lite." Allsop ultimately complied, and video footage shows him attempting to walk a straight line, though authorities determined he was still intoxicated. TERRIFIED PASSENGERS 'FLEW OUT OF THEIR SEATS' DURING DRAMATIC SOUTHWEST NOSEDIVE TO AVOID MID-AIR CRASH David Allsop was arrested in January in relation to the Flight 3772 incident. (Chatham County Sheriff's Office) Allsop was arrested, and the flight was delayed for four hours and left at 11 a.m. Passengers were rebooked or accommodated on other flights, Southwest Airlines said. In January, Southwest told Fox News Digital that Allsop was "removed from duty." "Customers were accommodated on other flights, and we apologize for the disruption to their travel plans," a spokesperson said at the time. "There's nothing more important to Southwest than the safety of our employees and customers." The pilot told officers he consumed "a few beers" about 10 hours before reporting for duty. (Savannah Airport Police) The Federal Aviation Administration strictly prohibits pilots from consuming alcohol within eight hours of a flight. They are also not allowed to have a blood alcohol content (BAC) of 0.04% or higher. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to Southwest on Monday for comment. Andrea Margolis is a lifestyle writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. Readers can follow her on X at @andreamargs or send story tips to andrea.margolis@fox.com . Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.