close DC police union chairman says ‘we welcome’ National Guard troops amid Trump crime crackdown ICE Deputy Director Madison Sheahan and D.C. Police Union Chairman Greggory Pemberton discuss President Donald Trump’s federal takeover of the D.C. police force and more on ‘Fox News Live.’ NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min West Virginia, South Carolina and Ohio governors on Saturday announced they will deploy their National Guard troops to the nation's capital to support President Donald Trump’s initiative to restore cleanliness and public safety to Washington, D.C. West Virginia Gov. Patrick Morrisey committed to sending 300 to 400 guardsmen and South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he would send 200 guardsmen. Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine said he will deploy 150 troops, according to a report from the Associated Press. Military vehicles with the Washington, D.C., National Guard are parked near the Washington Monument Aug. 12, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) 400 NATIONAL GUARD MEMBERS DESCEND UPON DC; EXPANDED CRIME CRACKDOWN EXPECTED WEDNESDAY NIGHT The response was prompted by a request from the Trump administration, according to Morrisey. " West Virginia is proud to stand with President Trump in his effort to restore pride and beauty to our nation’s capital," Morrisey wrote in a statement. "The men and women of our National Guard represent the best of our state, and this mission reflects our shared commitment to a strong and secure America." The states' missions will be funded at the federal level. "Our National Guard will work to assist President Trump’s mission, and should a hurricane or natural disaster threaten our state, they can and will be immediately recalled home to respond," McMaster wrote in an X post. U.S. military members walk near the Washington Monument in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Reuters/Jose Luis Gonzalez) WATCH: NATIONAL GUARD HUMVEES, ROUGHLY 30 TROOPS STAND GUARD OUTSIDE DC'S UNION STATION AMID POLICE TAKEOVER Trump federalized D.C.'s Metropolitan Police Department on Monday under the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which allows the president to take emergency control of the police force for 30 days. Hundreds of National Guard members have been spotted in the city, along with agents from federal law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), U.S. Capitol Police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). "This initiative aligns with our values of service and dedication to our communities," said Maj. Gen. Jim Seward, who will command the West Virginia troops. "We stand ready to support our partners in the National Capital Region and contribute to the collective effort of making our nation’s capital a clean and safe environment. The National Guard’s unique capabilities and preparedness make it an invaluable partner in this important undertaking." The FBI and Metropolitan Police Department conduct a traffic stop near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) DEFENSE SECRETARY PETE HEGSETH VOWS TO BE 'FORCE MULTIPLIERS' OF DC POLICE Attorney General Pam Bondi on Friday announced there have been nearly 200 arrests in D.C. since the Trump administration federalized the city to tackle crime. Among those arrested were two homicide suspects, 17 suspected drug traffickers, 39 suspected illegal gun offenders and two sexual predators, according to Bondi. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House and Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine's office did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's requests for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close DC police union chairman says ‘we welcome’ National Guard troops amid Trump crime crackdown ICE Deputy Director Madison Sheahan and D.C. Police Union Chairman Greggory Pemberton discuss President Donald Trump’s federal takeover of the D.C. police force and more on ‘Fox News Live.’ NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min West Virginia, South Carolina and Ohio governors on Saturday announced they will deploy their National Guard troops to the nation's capital to support President Donald Trump’s initiative to restore cleanliness and public safety to Washington, D.C. West Virginia Gov. Patrick Morrisey committed to sending 300 to 400 guardsmen and South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he would send 200 guardsmen. Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine said he will deploy 150 troops, according to a report from the Associated Press. Military vehicles with the Washington, D.C., National Guard are parked near the Washington Monument Aug. 12, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) 400 NATIONAL GUARD MEMBERS DESCEND UPON DC; EXPANDED CRIME CRACKDOWN EXPECTED WEDNESDAY NIGHT The response was prompted by a request from the Trump administration, according to Morrisey. " West Virginia is proud to stand with President Trump in his effort to restore pride and beauty to our nation’s capital," Morrisey wrote in a statement. "The men and women of our National Guard represent the best of our state, and this mission reflects our shared commitment to a strong and secure America." The states' missions will be funded at the federal level. "Our National Guard will work to assist President Trump’s mission, and should a hurricane or natural disaster threaten our state, they can and will be immediately recalled home to respond," McMaster wrote in an X post. U.S. military members walk near the Washington Monument in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Reuters/Jose Luis Gonzalez) WATCH: NATIONAL GUARD HUMVEES, ROUGHLY 30 TROOPS STAND GUARD OUTSIDE DC'S UNION STATION AMID POLICE TAKEOVER Trump federalized D.C.'s Metropolitan Police Department on Monday under the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which allows the president to take emergency control of the police force for 30 days. Hundreds of National Guard members have been spotted in the city, along with agents from federal law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), U.S. Capitol Police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). "This initiative aligns with our values of service and dedication to our communities," said Maj. Gen. Jim Seward, who will command the West Virginia troops. "We stand ready to support our partners in the National Capital Region and contribute to the collective effort of making our nation’s capital a clean and safe environment. The National Guard’s unique capabilities and preparedness make it an invaluable partner in this important undertaking." The FBI and Metropolitan Police Department conduct a traffic stop near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) DEFENSE SECRETARY PETE HEGSETH VOWS TO BE 'FORCE MULTIPLIERS' OF DC POLICE Attorney General Pam Bondi on Friday announced there have been nearly 200 arrests in D.C. since the Trump administration federalized the city to tackle crime. Among those arrested were two homicide suspects, 17 suspected drug traffickers, 39 suspected illegal gun offenders and two sexual predators, according to Bondi. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House and Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine's office did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's requests for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response. True Crime The hottest stories ripped from the headlines, from crime to courts, legal and scandal. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close DC police union chairman says ‘we welcome’ National Guard troops amid Trump crime crackdown ICE Deputy Director Madison Sheahan and D.C. Police Union Chairman Greggory Pemberton discuss President Donald Trump’s federal takeover of the D.C. police force and more on ‘Fox News Live.’ NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min West Virginia, South Carolina and Ohio governors on Saturday announced they will deploy their National Guard troops to the nation's capital to support President Donald Trump’s initiative to restore cleanliness and public safety to Washington, D.C. West Virginia Gov. Patrick Morrisey committed to sending 300 to 400 guardsmen and South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster said he would send 200 guardsmen. Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine said he will deploy 150 troops, according to a report from the Associated Press. Military vehicles with the Washington, D.C., National Guard are parked near the Washington Monument Aug. 12, 2025, in Washington, D.C. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) 400 NATIONAL GUARD MEMBERS DESCEND UPON DC; EXPANDED CRIME CRACKDOWN EXPECTED WEDNESDAY NIGHT The response was prompted by a request from the Trump administration, according to Morrisey. " West Virginia is proud to stand with President Trump in his effort to restore pride and beauty to our nation’s capital," Morrisey wrote in a statement. "The men and women of our National Guard represent the best of our state, and this mission reflects our shared commitment to a strong and secure America." The states' missions will be funded at the federal level. "Our National Guard will work to assist President Trump’s mission, and should a hurricane or natural disaster threaten our state, they can and will be immediately recalled home to respond," McMaster wrote in an X post. U.S. military members walk near the Washington Monument in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Reuters/Jose Luis Gonzalez) WATCH: NATIONAL GUARD HUMVEES, ROUGHLY 30 TROOPS STAND GUARD OUTSIDE DC'S UNION STATION AMID POLICE TAKEOVER Trump federalized D.C.'s Metropolitan Police Department on Monday under the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which allows the president to take emergency control of the police force for 30 days. Hundreds of National Guard members have been spotted in the city, along with agents from federal law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), U.S. Capitol Police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). "This initiative aligns with our values of service and dedication to our communities," said Maj. Gen. Jim Seward, who will command the West Virginia troops. "We stand ready to support our partners in the National Capital Region and contribute to the collective effort of making our nation’s capital a clean and safe environment. The National Guard’s unique capabilities and preparedness make it an invaluable partner in this important undertaking." The FBI and Metropolitan Police Department conduct a traffic stop near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C., Aug. 14, 2025. (Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images) DEFENSE SECRETARY PETE HEGSETH VOWS TO BE 'FORCE MULTIPLIERS' OF DC POLICE Attorney General Pam Bondi on Friday announced there have been nearly 200 arrests in D.C. since the Trump administration federalized the city to tackle crime. Among those arrested were two homicide suspects, 17 suspected drug traffickers, 39 suspected illegal gun offenders and two sexual predators, according to Bondi. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The White House and Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine's office did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's requests for comment. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Alexandra Koch is a Fox News Digital journalist who covers breaking news, with a focus on high-impact events that shape national conversation and influence government response. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.