close Video Ex-GOP National spox: 'If you're rooting against Trump that means you are rooting against America' A 'Fox News @ Night' panel weighs in on the meeting between President Donald Trump, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders, the impact of the crackdown on crime in Washington D.C., and Bill Barr's testimony regarding the Epstein records. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev taunted European leaders early Tuesday, accusing them of failing "to outplay" U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the White House. "The anti-Russian warmongering Coalition of the Willing failed to outplay @POTUS on his turf," Medvedev wrote on X, in English. The " Coalition of the Willing " refers to a group of European leaders who formed a pact to support a peace deal in Ukraine. Those leaders at Monday’s meeting included French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, and Finnish President Alexander Stubb. NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen were also in attendance. ZELENSKYY HEADS INTO CRUCIAL TRUMP MEETING AS US WEIGHS SECURITY GUARANTEES FOR KYIV Security Council's Deputy Chairman Dmitry Medvedev attends a meeting at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in the Moscow region's city of Dubna, Russia, on June 13, 2024. (Sputnik/Alexei Maishev/Pool via Reuters) Medvedev alleged that these leaders supposedly "thanked" and "sucked up" to President Trump . The question remaining now, Medvedev said, was "which tune" Zelenskyy – whom he mockingly referred to as "the Kiev clown" – "will play about guarantees and territories back home, once he’s put on his green military uniform again." President Donald Trump hosts a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders, including French President Emmanuel Macron, left, at the White House on Aug. 18, 2025. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) Monday’s meeting came after Trump’s historic summit with Putin in Anchorage, Alaska, last Friday. After the White House meeting, Trump said he had spoken with Russian President Vladimir Putin to begin coordinating next steps in the peace process aimed at ending the years-long war in Ukraine. Writing on his Truth Social platform, Trump said he had called his Russian counterpart to begin "the arrangements for a meeting" with Zelenskyy. That would then be followed by a trilateral meeting between the two warring presidents and the United States. EUROPEAN LEADERS WILL JOIN TRUMP-ZELENSKYY MEETING, SIGNALING SOLIDARITY WITH UKRAINE The Republican president also affirmed that the U.S. would back European security guarantees aimed at preventing Moscow from reinvading Ukraine once the war ends. President Donald Trump meets with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office at the White House, Monday, Aug. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) Trump was caught on a hot mic earlier in the day telling Macron that Putin wanted to find a resolution to bring an end to the war, though a Russian official later tempered those remarks. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Russian state media, citing Putin’s foreign affairs advisor Yuri Ushakov, said Putin had spoken "in favor" of continuing direct talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations. Fox News' Alec Schemmel and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Bradford Betz is a Fox News Digital breaking reporter covering crime, political issues, and much more. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Video Ex-GOP National spox: 'If you're rooting against Trump that means you are rooting against America' A 'Fox News @ Night' panel weighs in on the meeting between President Donald Trump, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders, the impact of the crackdown on crime in Washington D.C., and Bill Barr's testimony regarding the Epstein records. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev taunted European leaders early Tuesday, accusing them of failing "to outplay" U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the White House. "The anti-Russian warmongering Coalition of the Willing failed to outplay @POTUS on his turf," Medvedev wrote on X, in English. The " Coalition of the Willing " refers to a group of European leaders who formed a pact to support a peace deal in Ukraine. Those leaders at Monday’s meeting included French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, and Finnish President Alexander Stubb. NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen were also in attendance. ZELENSKYY HEADS INTO CRUCIAL TRUMP MEETING AS US WEIGHS SECURITY GUARANTEES FOR KYIV Security Council's Deputy Chairman Dmitry Medvedev attends a meeting at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in the Moscow region's city of Dubna, Russia, on June 13, 2024. (Sputnik/Alexei Maishev/Pool via Reuters) Medvedev alleged that these leaders supposedly "thanked" and "sucked up" to President Trump . The question remaining now, Medvedev said, was "which tune" Zelenskyy – whom he mockingly referred to as "the Kiev clown" – "will play about guarantees and territories back home, once he’s put on his green military uniform again." President Donald Trump hosts a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders, including French President Emmanuel Macron, left, at the White House on Aug. 18, 2025. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) Monday’s meeting came after Trump’s historic summit with Putin in Anchorage, Alaska, last Friday. After the White House meeting, Trump said he had spoken with Russian President Vladimir Putin to begin coordinating next steps in the peace process aimed at ending the years-long war in Ukraine. Writing on his Truth Social platform, Trump said he had called his Russian counterpart to begin "the arrangements for a meeting" with Zelenskyy. That would then be followed by a trilateral meeting between the two warring presidents and the United States. EUROPEAN LEADERS WILL JOIN TRUMP-ZELENSKYY MEETING, SIGNALING SOLIDARITY WITH UKRAINE The Republican president also affirmed that the U.S. would back European security guarantees aimed at preventing Moscow from reinvading Ukraine once the war ends. President Donald Trump meets with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office at the White House, Monday, Aug. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) Trump was caught on a hot mic earlier in the day telling Macron that Putin wanted to find a resolution to bring an end to the war, though a Russian official later tempered those remarks. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Russian state media, citing Putin’s foreign affairs advisor Yuri Ushakov, said Putin had spoken "in favor" of continuing direct talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations. Fox News' Alec Schemmel and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Bradford Betz is a Fox News Digital breaking reporter covering crime, political issues, and much more. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Video Ex-GOP National spox: 'If you're rooting against Trump that means you are rooting against America' A 'Fox News @ Night' panel weighs in on the meeting between President Donald Trump, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders, the impact of the crackdown on crime in Washington D.C., and Bill Barr's testimony regarding the Epstein records. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev taunted European leaders early Tuesday, accusing them of failing "to outplay" U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the White House. "The anti-Russian warmongering Coalition of the Willing failed to outplay @POTUS on his turf," Medvedev wrote on X, in English. The " Coalition of the Willing " refers to a group of European leaders who formed a pact to support a peace deal in Ukraine. Those leaders at Monday’s meeting included French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, and Finnish President Alexander Stubb. NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen were also in attendance. ZELENSKYY HEADS INTO CRUCIAL TRUMP MEETING AS US WEIGHS SECURITY GUARANTEES FOR KYIV Security Council's Deputy Chairman Dmitry Medvedev attends a meeting at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in the Moscow region's city of Dubna, Russia, on June 13, 2024. (Sputnik/Alexei Maishev/Pool via Reuters) Medvedev alleged that these leaders supposedly "thanked" and "sucked up" to President Trump . The question remaining now, Medvedev said, was "which tune" Zelenskyy – whom he mockingly referred to as "the Kiev clown" – "will play about guarantees and territories back home, once he’s put on his green military uniform again." President Donald Trump hosts a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders, including French President Emmanuel Macron, left, at the White House on Aug. 18, 2025. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) Monday’s meeting came after Trump’s historic summit with Putin in Anchorage, Alaska, last Friday. After the White House meeting, Trump said he had spoken with Russian President Vladimir Putin to begin coordinating next steps in the peace process aimed at ending the years-long war in Ukraine. Writing on his Truth Social platform, Trump said he had called his Russian counterpart to begin "the arrangements for a meeting" with Zelenskyy. That would then be followed by a trilateral meeting between the two warring presidents and the United States. EUROPEAN LEADERS WILL JOIN TRUMP-ZELENSKYY MEETING, SIGNALING SOLIDARITY WITH UKRAINE The Republican president also affirmed that the U.S. would back European security guarantees aimed at preventing Moscow from reinvading Ukraine once the war ends. President Donald Trump meets with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office at the White House, Monday, Aug. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) Trump was caught on a hot mic earlier in the day telling Macron that Putin wanted to find a resolution to bring an end to the war, though a Russian official later tempered those remarks. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Russian state media, citing Putin’s foreign affairs advisor Yuri Ushakov, said Putin had spoken "in favor" of continuing direct talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations. Fox News' Alec Schemmel and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Bradford Betz is a Fox News Digital breaking reporter covering crime, political issues, and much more. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.