close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 15 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min A French air traffic controller has reportedly been suspended after declaring "Free Palestine" while communicating with Israeli pilots operating an El Al aircraft. The incident occurred on Monday shortly after the plane took off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, according to reports. A spokesperson for El Al told Fox News Digital that the airline viewed the incident "with utmost severity" and said the air traffic controller's comments were "unprofessional and inappropriate." "EL AL will continue to fly proudly around the world with the Israeli flag on its aircraft, upholding professionalism and ensuring the safety and security of its passengers and crews," the airline said in a statement. A plane of Israel's El Al Israel Airlines connected to an airbridge at Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) International airport Terminal 2, on the outskirts of Paris, on May 12, 2025. (Kiran Ridley/AFP via Getty Images) FRANCE TO DEPORT PALESTINIAN WOMAN OVER ANTISEMITIC POST FEATURING HITLER, HALTS GAZA EVACUATIONS French Transportation Minister Philippe Tabarot was quick to respond to the incident and called for an investigation. "If the facts were confirmed, they would be reprehensible as they would violate the rules of radio communications, which must be limited to the safety and regularity of air traffic," Tabarot wrote in a post on X on Monday shortly after the incident was reported. He added that the French Civil Aviation Authority (DGAC) was analyzing recordings of radio communications from the morning of the incident. Tabarot later confirmed on X that the recordings matched what El Al reported and said that the air traffic controller was identified and barred from performing any duties "until further notice." The French official also said that disciplinary proceedings were initiated immediately. He further condemned the incident on Wednesday, saying that the transportation industry is not immune to " the rise of antisemitism and hateful behaviors that exploit the situation in the Middle East." FRENCH PRESIDENT EMMANUEL MACRON TO RECOGNIZE 'STATE OF PALESTINE' IN SEPTEMBER AT UN GENERAL ASSEMBLY The air traffic controller incident comes amid challenges for El Al in France, including the vandalizing of its Paris office and France’s temporary halt of the renewal of work visas for its security staff. On Tuesday, a French government source reportedly confirmed to the Times of Israel that the renewal of work visas for El Al security staff members had been stopped. The decision was allegedly related to difficulties faced by French diplomatic staff in security screenings. U.S. Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee reposted a report on the pause in visa renewals and said "what happened to France?" A man holds a placard reading "Free Palestine" during a demonstration at the Place de la Republique in Paris, France June 9, 2025. (REUTERS/Sarah Meyssonnier/File Photo) HUNDREDS OF ANTI-ISRAEL PROTESTORS ARRESTED IN LONDON FOR SUPPORTING GROUP BANNED UNDER TERRORISM LAW Earlier this month, El Al’s Paris offices were smeared with red paint as well as pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel graffiti. The words "Free Palestine" and "El Al Genocide Airline" were painted on the exterior of the offices. The Israeli Embassy in France shared photos of the incident, with Minister Plenipotentiary Asaf Moran decrying the "climate of violent and unrestrained incitement by certain French elected officials." Following the vandalism incident, Israeli Ambassador to France Joshua Zarka visited El Al’s Paris offices and vowed that Israel’s government would stand by its people and Israeli businesses. Israeli Transportation Secretary Miri Regev also commented on the incident, calling it a "barbaric and violent act." She seemed to blame French President Emmanuel Macron , who recently announced that France would recognize a Palestinian state. Regev also said Macron’s statement was a gift to Hamas. (Reuters/Noemie Olive) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Tabarot quickly condemned this incident as well and said that "acts of hatred and antisemitism have no place in our republic." Regev responded by thanking Tabarot for his "clear and unequivocal words against antisemitism." " French citizens must understand, today it’s El Al, tomorrow it could be Air France. We must all act together to condemn antisemitism and hatred, everywhere in the world," Regev wrote. Fox News Digital reached out to Charles de Gaulle Airport and DGAC but did not receive responses in time for publication. Rachel Wolf is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital and FOX Business. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 15 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min A French air traffic controller has reportedly been suspended after declaring "Free Palestine" while communicating with Israeli pilots operating an El Al aircraft. The incident occurred on Monday shortly after the plane took off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, according to reports. A spokesperson for El Al told Fox News Digital that the airline viewed the incident "with utmost severity" and said the air traffic controller's comments were "unprofessional and inappropriate." "EL AL will continue to fly proudly around the world with the Israeli flag on its aircraft, upholding professionalism and ensuring the safety and security of its passengers and crews," the airline said in a statement. A plane of Israel's El Al Israel Airlines connected to an airbridge at Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) International airport Terminal 2, on the outskirts of Paris, on May 12, 2025. (Kiran Ridley/AFP via Getty Images) FRANCE TO DEPORT PALESTINIAN WOMAN OVER ANTISEMITIC POST FEATURING HITLER, HALTS GAZA EVACUATIONS French Transportation Minister Philippe Tabarot was quick to respond to the incident and called for an investigation. "If the facts were confirmed, they would be reprehensible as they would violate the rules of radio communications, which must be limited to the safety and regularity of air traffic," Tabarot wrote in a post on X on Monday shortly after the incident was reported. He added that the French Civil Aviation Authority (DGAC) was analyzing recordings of radio communications from the morning of the incident. Tabarot later confirmed on X that the recordings matched what El Al reported and said that the air traffic controller was identified and barred from performing any duties "until further notice." The French official also said that disciplinary proceedings were initiated immediately. He further condemned the incident on Wednesday, saying that the transportation industry is not immune to " the rise of antisemitism and hateful behaviors that exploit the situation in the Middle East." FRENCH PRESIDENT EMMANUEL MACRON TO RECOGNIZE 'STATE OF PALESTINE' IN SEPTEMBER AT UN GENERAL ASSEMBLY The air traffic controller incident comes amid challenges for El Al in France, including the vandalizing of its Paris office and France’s temporary halt of the renewal of work visas for its security staff. On Tuesday, a French government source reportedly confirmed to the Times of Israel that the renewal of work visas for El Al security staff members had been stopped. The decision was allegedly related to difficulties faced by French diplomatic staff in security screenings. U.S. Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee reposted a report on the pause in visa renewals and said "what happened to France?" A man holds a placard reading "Free Palestine" during a demonstration at the Place de la Republique in Paris, France June 9, 2025. (REUTERS/Sarah Meyssonnier/File Photo) HUNDREDS OF ANTI-ISRAEL PROTESTORS ARRESTED IN LONDON FOR SUPPORTING GROUP BANNED UNDER TERRORISM LAW Earlier this month, El Al’s Paris offices were smeared with red paint as well as pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel graffiti. The words "Free Palestine" and "El Al Genocide Airline" were painted on the exterior of the offices. The Israeli Embassy in France shared photos of the incident, with Minister Plenipotentiary Asaf Moran decrying the "climate of violent and unrestrained incitement by certain French elected officials." Following the vandalism incident, Israeli Ambassador to France Joshua Zarka visited El Al’s Paris offices and vowed that Israel’s government would stand by its people and Israeli businesses. Israeli Transportation Secretary Miri Regev also commented on the incident, calling it a "barbaric and violent act." She seemed to blame French President Emmanuel Macron , who recently announced that France would recognize a Palestinian state. Regev also said Macron’s statement was a gift to Hamas. (Reuters/Noemie Olive) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Tabarot quickly condemned this incident as well and said that "acts of hatred and antisemitism have no place in our republic." Regev responded by thanking Tabarot for his "clear and unequivocal words against antisemitism." " French citizens must understand, today it’s El Al, tomorrow it could be Air France. We must all act together to condemn antisemitism and hatred, everywhere in the world," Regev wrote. Fox News Digital reached out to Charles de Gaulle Airport and DGAC but did not receive responses in time for publication. Rachel Wolf is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital and FOX Business. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Fox News Flash top headlines for August 15 Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 4 min A French air traffic controller has reportedly been suspended after declaring "Free Palestine" while communicating with Israeli pilots operating an El Al aircraft. The incident occurred on Monday shortly after the plane took off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, according to reports. A spokesperson for El Al told Fox News Digital that the airline viewed the incident "with utmost severity" and said the air traffic controller's comments were "unprofessional and inappropriate." "EL AL will continue to fly proudly around the world with the Israeli flag on its aircraft, upholding professionalism and ensuring the safety and security of its passengers and crews," the airline said in a statement. A plane of Israel's El Al Israel Airlines connected to an airbridge at Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) International airport Terminal 2, on the outskirts of Paris, on May 12, 2025. (Kiran Ridley/AFP via Getty Images) FRANCE TO DEPORT PALESTINIAN WOMAN OVER ANTISEMITIC POST FEATURING HITLER, HALTS GAZA EVACUATIONS French Transportation Minister Philippe Tabarot was quick to respond to the incident and called for an investigation. "If the facts were confirmed, they would be reprehensible as they would violate the rules of radio communications, which must be limited to the safety and regularity of air traffic," Tabarot wrote in a post on X on Monday shortly after the incident was reported. He added that the French Civil Aviation Authority (DGAC) was analyzing recordings of radio communications from the morning of the incident. Tabarot later confirmed on X that the recordings matched what El Al reported and said that the air traffic controller was identified and barred from performing any duties "until further notice." The French official also said that disciplinary proceedings were initiated immediately. He further condemned the incident on Wednesday, saying that the transportation industry is not immune to " the rise of antisemitism and hateful behaviors that exploit the situation in the Middle East." FRENCH PRESIDENT EMMANUEL MACRON TO RECOGNIZE 'STATE OF PALESTINE' IN SEPTEMBER AT UN GENERAL ASSEMBLY The air traffic controller incident comes amid challenges for El Al in France, including the vandalizing of its Paris office and France’s temporary halt of the renewal of work visas for its security staff. On Tuesday, a French government source reportedly confirmed to the Times of Israel that the renewal of work visas for El Al security staff members had been stopped. The decision was allegedly related to difficulties faced by French diplomatic staff in security screenings. U.S. Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee reposted a report on the pause in visa renewals and said "what happened to France?" A man holds a placard reading "Free Palestine" during a demonstration at the Place de la Republique in Paris, France June 9, 2025. (REUTERS/Sarah Meyssonnier/File Photo) HUNDREDS OF ANTI-ISRAEL PROTESTORS ARRESTED IN LONDON FOR SUPPORTING GROUP BANNED UNDER TERRORISM LAW Earlier this month, El Al’s Paris offices were smeared with red paint as well as pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel graffiti. The words "Free Palestine" and "El Al Genocide Airline" were painted on the exterior of the offices. The Israeli Embassy in France shared photos of the incident, with Minister Plenipotentiary Asaf Moran decrying the "climate of violent and unrestrained incitement by certain French elected officials." Following the vandalism incident, Israeli Ambassador to France Joshua Zarka visited El Al’s Paris offices and vowed that Israel’s government would stand by its people and Israeli businesses. Israeli Transportation Secretary Miri Regev also commented on the incident, calling it a "barbaric and violent act." She seemed to blame French President Emmanuel Macron , who recently announced that France would recognize a Palestinian state. Regev also said Macron’s statement was a gift to Hamas. (Reuters/Noemie Olive) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Tabarot quickly condemned this incident as well and said that "acts of hatred and antisemitism have no place in our republic." Regev responded by thanking Tabarot for his "clear and unequivocal words against antisemitism." " French citizens must understand, today it’s El Al, tomorrow it could be Air France. We must all act together to condemn antisemitism and hatred, everywhere in the world," Regev wrote. Fox News Digital reached out to Charles de Gaulle Airport and DGAC but did not receive responses in time for publication. Rachel Wolf is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital and FOX Business. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here. Breaking News WATCH LIVE: White House holds first briefing since Trump's peace talks with Zelenskyy and European leaders Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.