Healthier NEV sector high on government agenda 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Economy Healthier NEV sector high on government agenda Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-07-23 08:52:51 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download Employees work on a new energy vehicle assembly line in Jinhua, Zhejiang province, in June. (HU XIAOFEI/FOR CHINA DAILY) With stronger efforts to rein in disorderly competition among new energy vehicle makers, the sector is expected to further stabilize and prosper, experts said, citing a series of high-level meetings and regulatory moves that had taken place recently to foster fairer market practices and ensure the sector's high-quality and sustainable development. The State Council's executive meeting on July 16 called for promoting high-quality development of the NEV sector while taking concrete steps to regulate competition among market participants. The next day, the central government held a symposium addressing irrational industry practices. On Friday, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Development and Reform Commission and the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly convened an industry meeting to further advance the campaign for restoring orderly competition. Zhang Hong, an NEV industry expert at the China Automobile Dealers Association (CADA), said such efforts will help rein in irrational competition and prevent automakers from blindly slashing prices, thereby helping restore market order. "The strong focus on curbing excessive internal competition aims to improve the innovation ecosystem, promote coordination across the industrial chain, and ensure product quality and overall profitability — all to support the sector's sustainable development." During the Friday meeting, the regulators further advanced a series of measures aimed at stabilizing the competitive landscape. These include enhanced monitoring of vehicle pricing, stricter oversight of product consistency and quality, and efforts to shorten payment cycles to auto parts suppliers. Wang Tie, director of automotive strategy and policy research at the China Automotive Technology and Research Center, noted that cost investigations and price monitoring are critical to uncovering unreasonable pricing practices and spotting abnormal fluctuations in a timely manner. "By deepening cost investigations, regulators can gain a clearer picture of the actual costs involved in NEV production and prevent companies from undercutting prices below cost, which distorts the market. Meanwhile, price monitoring allows authorities to track real-time market changes and respond quickly to any irregularities, guiding prices back toward a rational range." The MIIT announced in early June that it would launch its 2025 nationwide inspection campaign to examine consistency among NEV manufacturers and their products. Following that, on June 19, the MIIT, SAMR and National Fire and Rescue Administration carried out a joint meeting on strengthening NEV safety management. The meeting emphasized that both automakers and battery manufacturers must properly guide consumers on safe usage, avoid exaggerated or misleading advertising and strictly uphold safety standards. "The timely release of these initiatives sets a benchmark for regulating business conduct and marketing strategies, while also helping to curb the vicious cycle of price undercutting," said Yan Jinghui, a member of the expert committee of the CADA. Efforts to shorten payment cycles to suppliers have also gained traction. Following 17 major automakers' pledges to limit payment periods to no more than 60 days, on July 10, the MIIT launched a dedicated reporting channel on the national complaint platform to receive feedback from small and medium-sized enterprises regarding delayed payments or unfulfilled commitments by automakers. Leading automakers are swiftly moving to align with the policy direction, vowing to focus on quality-oriented growth. At a meeting on Saturday, Yin Tongyue, chairman of Chery Automobile, said the company would actively implement the directives of the three government agencies, champion fair and orderly competition and promote healthy development within the industry. Changan Automobile Chairman Zhu Huarong said earlier that with policy guidance, strengthened industry self-regulation and exemplary leadership from top automakers, the country's NEV sector is expected to return to rational, value-driven and sustainable competition within the next one to two years. lijiaying@chinadaily.com.cn Related news Deal to see mutual recognition of vehicle standards 2025-07-22 Optimism as sales see strong growth 2025-07-07 New energy vehicles drive overseas growth 2025-06-30 More Photo Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Ancient Salt Sheep Road rejuvenates in modern Xizang Typhoon Wipha moves away from Macao SAR TCM practitioners seize dog days of summer to treat winter illness for patients Steed for ages: Hexi horses from Gansu become a cultural superstar Sea of verbena flowers mesmerizes visitors in Harbin Yardlong bean harvest boosted by drone transport in Guangxi Visitors enjoy local performances and cuisine at grand bazaar in Urumqi Peng Liyuan attends Bond with Kuliang: 2025 China-U.S. youth friendship event 35th Hong Kong Book Fair boasts brisk business Over 1,000 vehicles made in China to be shipped to Middle East countries Visiting Shanggao Martyrs' Cemetery for Anti-Japanese War heroes in Jiangxi West Lake's lotus flowers in full bloom in Hangzhou 'Community Care Center' brings warmth to villagers along Lhasa River Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang attends advanced manufacturing event at 3rd CISCE Aerial view of village at southern foothills of the Qilian Mountains Qingdao launches 'beer bus' to explore new tourism experiences(1/4) Bumper harvest of wampee fruits keeps farmers busy in Guangxi Xi meets heads of foreign delegations attending SCO council of foreign ministers meeting Xi meets Russian FM in Beijing Xi meets Australian PM in Beijing Sotheby's New York to auction rare juvenile Ceratosaurus nasicornis skeleton 1,500 students from western China join Beijing peers to watch flag-raising ceremony at Tiananmen Square Unlocking Xinjiang Charms | Lavender dreams bloom in Huocheng Chinese, U.S. table tennis teams mark 54 years anniversary of 'Ping-Pong Diplomacy' Inbound tourism picks up in Beijing during summer holiday Reservoir reveals beautiful natural ecology in Guangxi UN says nearly half of SDGs progress 'insufficient' ten years on China's foreign trade up 2.9 pct in H1 Wang Chuqin wins men's singles gold at WTT U.S. Smash China's Xixia Imperial Tombs inscribed as UNESCO World Heritage Site China completes phase-one construction of its first primordial gravitational wave detection experiment Summer scenery of farmlands in Guizhou Sinner beats Alcaraz to win Wimbledon 2025 Grand Slam title Exploring nature's artistry of tidal trees along the Qiantang River Explainer: Why China rejects the South China Sea arbitration award Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news Lead exposure prompts school food safety inspections More occupations bolstering China's employment market Innovation, solid supply chain attracting FDI Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Disposable seat covers gain traction on China's high-speed trains amid hygiene concerns More Video Star-rated hotels in China set up food stalls, business booming Ask global journalist: What is the "power of journalism"? LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]