Sci-tech 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Sci-tech Shanghai launches Robotaxi service between airport and Disneyland Aug 21, 2025 Shanghai has launched a driverless Robotaxi service which offers passengers connections between Shanghai Disney Resort and Pudong International Airport.The service, which is run by IM Motors, SAIC Motor's mobility service platform Xiangdao Chuxing and SAIC AI Lab, also offers short-distance connections between popular spots within the Shanghai International Resort area, reported the Shanghai Observer, citing IM Motors. Lunar basin formation period altered Aug 21, 2025 A study of lunar samples retrieved by the Chang'e 6 mission has dated the formation of the Apollo basin to 4.16 billion years ago, meaning the onset of the late heavy bombardment occurred at least 100 million years earlier than thought. The finding offers new insights into the early dynamic evolution of the moon and the solar system. South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Aug 21, 2025 The symposium — organized by the University of South Australia's Centre for Enterprise Dynamics in Global Economies, in collaboration with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in South Australia — examined the state's relationship with China. China launches AIRSAT-05 satellite featuring advanced on-orbit intelligence Aug 20, 2025 Satellite AIRSAT-05 was successfully launched from the Dongfeng commercial space pilot zone in northwest China on Monday and had entered its designated orbit, the Aerospace Information Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences announced on Tuesday. Beijing games showcase robotics innovation Aug 19, 2025 The inaugural World Humanoid Robot Games in Beijing have showcased how sport is accelerating robotics innovation and capturing public imagination. Robot gala at the Ice Ribbon: the future is here. Are you ready? Aug 19, 2025 As one 8-year-old spectator put it: “Robots should serve humans, not replace them.” The future is already on stage. Are you ready to join it? China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Aug 19, 2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 aircraft completes production test flight, nears delivery Aug 19, 2025 China's second batch-produced AG600 "Kunlong" amphibious aircraft has successfully completed its production test flight in Zhuhai City, south China's Guangdong Province, Aviation Industry Corporation of China said on Sunday, marking a step toward customer delivery and operational deployment. Tsinghua University partners with major African developer for communication research hub Aug 19, 2025 Its inauguration ceremony coincided with a symposium attended by Zhao Yuezhi, director of the Research and Teaching Base for Global South Communication at Tsinghua University. Chinese spacesuit reaches 20 spacewalks, extending in-orbit lifespan Aug 19, 2025 China's space station spacesuit B has been worn by 11 astronauts across eight manned space missions, according to Zhang Wanxin from the China Astronaut Research and Training Center. Tech innovation propels nation's industrial future Aug 18, 2025 China's sharpened focus on rejuvenating traditional industries with new quality productive forces is injecting fresh vitality into the nation's industrial economy, which is serving as the foundation of modern industrial prowess and economic growth, experts and business executives said. AI powering China's industrial evolution Aug 18, 2025 Yet utilization efficiency in training and inference is often paradoxically low," said Cao Kai, director of Smart Industrial Solutions at Baidu Smart Cloud. The transformation is undeniable. Chinese scientist creates ultra-resilient soft robot that survives 108-meter falls Aug 15, 2025 Jiang Hanqing, a professor at Westlake University, has created an insect-sized soft robot that can withstand a 108-meter drop and spring back to life after impact. Smart tech impresses all at World Games Aug 15, 2025 For Italian freediving para-athlete Gianluca Visconti, donning an exoskeleton robot made him feel he could fly.At a tech bazaar in the World Games Village, smart glasses capable of real-time translation in 40 languages are drawing crowds of athletes eager to try them out. Space info sector hitting new orbits Aug 15, 2025 A view of the booth of Geovis Technology Co Ltd during an expo in Nanchang, Jiangxi province.The ambition is driven in part by the rapid expansion of satellite constellations and the rising sophistication of payloads. Human-machine symbiosis on full display at Beijing games Aug 15, 2025 Stefan Hensel, supervisor of Germany's Sweaty team, praised the Beijing event as "a nice and open community and an Olympic Games for the industry".Some viewers online said the humanoid soccer matches lacked excitement, as the robots moved stiffly and made clumsy decisions on the pitch. Shanghai, Macao launch joint AI medical research hub Aug 15, 2025 The China-Macao-Shanghai Artificial Intelligence Translational Medicine Center is inaugurated at the Macau University of Science and Technology.The center, initiated by the Macau University of Science and Technology foundation, is jointly established by the Macao Translational Medicine Center, Shanghai Artificial Intelligence Research Institute, and the Global Alliance on Artificial Intelligence for Industry and Manufacturing Center of Excellence. China seeks to share cancer technologies and promote global cooperation Aug 15, 2025 The China Anti-Cancer Association and the World Association for Integrative Oncology have recently held two international conferences in Vietnam and Malaysia, respectively, aiming to share China's cancer technologies and strategies with the world and promote international cooperation. Chinese scientists make a breakthrough in Chikungunya fever detection Aug 15, 2025 Chinese scientists have made a breakthrough in Chikungunya fever detection by developing a kit solution allowing for the entire detection process within just 30 minutes, according to a laboratory based in Guangzhou, the capital of Guangdong province. China's Shenzhou-20 crew to conduct 3rd spacewalk with new spacesuits Aug 14, 2025 The Shenzhou-20 crew aboard China's orbiting space station will soon conduct the third round of extravehicular activities (EVA), the China Manned Space Agency (CMSA) said on Thursday. China launches new group of internet satellites Aug 14, 2025 China launches new group of internet satellites Aug 14, 2025 China launched a new group of low Earth orbit satellites from the Wenchang Space Launch Site in the southern island province of Hainan on Wednesday. New batch of Chinese internet satellites reaches orbit Aug 14, 2025 China launched a group of internet satellites into orbit on Wednesday afternoon, marking the fourth in-orbit deployment of such spacecraft in a month. The satellites are the eighth group of low-orbit hardware in China's state-owned internet network. China deploys robotic Tibetan antelope for non-intrusive wildlife monitoring Aug 13, 2025 EconoScope | China outlines AI governance framework balancing development and security Aug 13, 2025 Geoffrey Hinton, widely regarded as the godfather of artificial intelligence, warned at the 2025 World Artificial Intelligence Conference in Shanghai that AI could become dangerous, comparing humans' relationship with the technology to keeping a tiger cub as a pet that might turn deadly when fully grown. True power of AI lies beyond automation Aug 13, 2025 China stands at the forefront of global artificial intelligence innovation and deployment, serving as an unparalleled benchmark for enterprise transformation, according to Ryoji Sekido, co-CEO of Accenture Asia Pacific. SenseTime expanding AI innovation in Asia-Pacific Aug 13, 2025 Chinese artificial intelligence pioneer SenseTime is accelerating its global expansion strategy, in line with China's rising prominence in worldwide AI innovation. Demand for Nvidia's H20 chip lackluster Aug 13, 2025 Data from the SAMR also showed that by sector, 601,000 new market entities were created in primary industries such as agriculture, 965,000 in manufacturing and other secondary industries, and 11.71 million in the services sector. Sports fever sweeps World Robot Conference 2025 Aug 12, 2025 World's first month-old cloned yak named 'Namtso No. 1' in Xizang Aug 12, 2025 Authorities in Damxung County, southwest China's Xizang Autonomous Region, announced Monday that the world's first cloned yak to survive a full month has been named "Namtso No. 1." First Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Next Last Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news 3rd China-Russia library forum opens in Moscow EconoScope | China's major ports see strong gains amid rising 'new trio' shipments Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]