Temporary shelters house deluge victims 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print Feature Temporary shelters house deluge victims Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-07-30 08:48:22 China Daily Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download Members of the People's Armed Police Force reinforce a temporary dike on the bank of the Chaohe River in Ningcun village in Beijing's Miyun district on Tuesday. (WU XIAOHUI/CHINA DAILY) By noon on Tuesday, the gymnasium of Pinggu Sports Center in Beijing's flood-hit Pinggu district was filled with the sounds of three playing children while their mother, Du Yun, sat on a bed watching them. The family is among a number of people relocated to the center as arranged by the local government. "I have three children — one is 8 months old, another 2 years old and the third is 3," said Du. "The shelter converted the fitness room into a mother-and-infant room. I brought formula and diapers, and we were relocated within an hour. The children's father, grandmother and grandfather came with us. "I was very touched because the shelter even provided mats, especially for my children. My children are all OK," she added. Continuous heavy rainfall in Beijing has left 30 people dead as of midnight on Monday, with more than 80,000 people relocated, according to local authorities. Inside the 2,700-square-meter gymnasium, 444 people from five villages in Zhenluoying town have found temporary refuge. The relocation began at noon on Monday and was completed within three hours — from mobilization to full resettlement — said a town official. At the Pinggu Sports Center shelter, hot lunches awaited the evacuees. Each person received a boxed meal containing meat and vegetables, along with mung bean soup. Bottled water and instant noodles were neatly stacked inside the venue, and a makeshift medical corner was set up with equipment such as blood pressure monitors to assist those in need. People clean mud left by a flood at a deli in Putaoyuan village in Beijing's Miyun district on Tuesday. (WU XIAOHUI/CHINA DAILY) "We can eat hot food here, which is great," said a resident, who did not wish to be identified, while dining with his family. Since the start of the downpours, Pinggu district has relocated 12,879 people and opened 40 centralized shelters using gyms, hotels, schools, village committees and guesthouses to accommodate the displaced. "We are making all efforts to evacuate people in advance, trying to minimize harm and disruption," said Tang Hailong, Party secretary of Pinggu. "We want to act ahead of time, moving people out of villages that may be hit by disasters so they can feel secure." Other districts in Beijing, including Miyun, Huairou, Fangshan and Shunyi, have also been affected and acted timeously to relocate residents. In Huairou, a local military training center has been converted into a shelter. "We have arranged 2,300 beds, with 1,020 people already settled," said Xiu Xiao, a local official in charge of resettlement. "The work is ongoing. We prioritize care for the elderly and children. Beyond basic food and shelter, we have also set up dedicated medical teams." By Tuesday morning, Huairou had relocated more than 11,000 people across 15 towns and subdistricts and 130 villages. Workers operate heavy machinery to repair a damaged road in Xiaying village in Jizhou district, Tianjin, on Tuesday. Post-disaster recovery efforts are now in full swing in the area. (TONG YU/CHINA NEWS SERVICE) Zhao Yonghong, 61, a resident of Shijiakou village in Niulanshan town, Shunyi district, was moved to a hotel shelter 3 to 4 kilometers away with his wife after receiving the relocation notice. "We are currently staying at a hotel with good conditions. Village officials provide us with boxed meals, and medical staff regularly check on us. We are very grateful," he said. Shi Yang, a local official, said 82 people from the village had been evacuated on Tuesday, including 35 who were over age 60. "We completed resettlement within about an hour. Besides accommodation, we have four doctors patrolling shelters to ensure the health and safety of the people," Shi said. Elsewhere, Jizhou district in neighboring Tianjin has also been hit by floods. On Monday, Jizhou's meteorological bureau raised its heavy rain warning to red and its geological disaster risk level to orange. The district currently operates seven centralized shelters, each equipped with beds, bedding, food and drinking water to meet basic needs. More than 10,000 people have been relocated. Wang Hongyun, 67, who was vacationing in Tianjin with friends, was trapped in a farmhouse by the floods. "We were rescued at 11 am on Tuesday. The rescue team reached our location and carried us out on stretchers," she said. Wang Hongwei, director of Jizhou's emergency management bureau, confirmed that 10,527 people had been moved to safety. "We've provided bedding, food, water and essential facilities at all shelters," Wang said. "Our next step is restoring daily routines and economic activities while ensuring all necessary support for relocated residents." Related news Beijing villagers rescue 100 amid flood crisis 2025-07-29 At least 30 dead in Beijing due to heavy rains 2025-07-29 More Photo Firefighters trek uphill to aid stranded residents in Beijing after heavy rains Qin Haiyang wins China's first swimming gold at Singapore Worlds Heritage sign unveiled for Beijing Central Axis on World Heritage Listing Anniversary China launches internet satellite group Exploring Xiannongtan Temple before the first anniversary of Beijing Central Axis Xi receives credentials of new ambassadors to China Xi meets European Council president, European Commission president in Beijing Exploring Qiantang River Bridge in east China China sees over 300 million railway passenger trips in summer rush Exploring growing yak industry in Ngari Prefecture, Xizang Team China claims gold for artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championships Twin sisters claim silvers in artistic swimming at World Aquatics Championship Ancient Salt Sheep Road rejuvenates in modern Xizang Typhoon Wipha moves away from Macao SAR TCM practitioners seize dog days of summer to treat winter illness for patients Steed for ages: Hexi horses from Gansu become a cultural superstar Sea of verbena flowers mesmerizes visitors in Harbin Yardlong bean harvest boosted by drone transport in Guangxi Visitors enjoy local performances and cuisine at grand bazaar in Urumqi Peng Liyuan attends Bond with Kuliang: 2025 China-U.S. youth friendship event 35th Hong Kong Book Fair boasts brisk business Over 1,000 vehicles made in China to be shipped to Middle East countries Visiting Shanggao Martyrs' Cemetery for Anti-Japanese War heroes in Jiangxi West Lake's lotus flowers in full bloom in Hangzhou 'Community Care Center' brings warmth to villagers along Lhasa River Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang attends advanced manufacturing event at 3rd CISCE Aerial view of village at southern foothills of the Qilian Mountains Qingdao launches 'beer bus' to explore new tourism experiences(1/4) Bumper harvest of wampee fruits keeps farmers busy in Guangxi Xi meets heads of foreign delegations attending SCO council of foreign ministers meeting Xi meets Russian FM in Beijing Xi meets Australian PM in Beijing Sotheby's New York to auction rare juvenile Ceratosaurus nasicornis skeleton 1,500 students from western China join Beijing peers to watch flag-raising ceremony at Tiananmen Square Unlocking Xinjiang Charms | Lavender dreams bloom in Huocheng Chinese, U.S. table tennis teams mark 54 years anniversary of 'Ping-Pong Diplomacy' Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news Viral videos expose the tactics behind online scams Nanjing film aims to counter amnesia, not fuel animosity 8 dead, 4 missing after landslide in north China Northeast China successfully launches eVTOL test flight to boost low-altitude economy China calls for more cooperation, less misperception in economic and trade talks: FM More Video (W.E. Talk) Chinese economic performance 'robust' and 'beyond expectation' despite tariff impact: experts Immortal artery in the desert: millennial spring sustains Gobi's hub throughout time LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]