Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Text: A A A Print ECNS Wire Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues Scan with WeChat to share 微信里点“发现”，扫一下 二维码便可将本文分享至朋友圈。 2025-08-21 15:59:35 Ecns.cn Editor : Mo Honge ECNS App Download (ECNS) -- From drought-stricken cornfields to blocked views and dangerous roads, residents in southwest China's Sichuan Province are turning to a government mini program to report problems and receive quick feedback. The digital tool is streamlining grassroots governance and making daily life more convenient. Wei Jiayao, 21, grew up in Jiangsu and seldom returned to her ancestral village in Sichuan except for occasional holidays. That changed during this year's Dragon Boat Festival, when He Yong, the Party branch secretary of Tianxingmo Village in Mianyang City, invited her to join the local digital platform "Chuan Shan Zhi." Skeptical about a digitized initiative in a village largely populated by elderly residents, she registered nonetheless, becoming a "digital villager" of a place she barely knew. Looking at photos uploaded by residents, Wei said the platform replicated village life. "It's like the WeChat Moments of my hometown," she said. On the app, some users sell homegrown vegetables, others proudly post their grandchildren's drawings, some praise village officials for quick problem-solving, while others bluntly complain about poor road conditions in local dialect. The program has made daily tasks more convenient for villagers and improved transparency in communication with local officials. Both reported issues and progress updates are backed by photo evidence, making grassroots governance more efficient. The average time to resolve local problems has been cut by 3.37 days compared with earlier, according to data from the mini program's developer. As of late June, Mianyang had handled 14,500 service requests and responded to 22,000 public concerns through the mini program, with a satisfaction rate exceeding 95%. It has also facilitated 749 online discussions and decision-making meetings, alongside over 230,000 information updates. A total of 1,834 villages in the city have joined. For local officials, rural development also brings heavy responsibilities. In Tianxingmo Village, many elderly residents lack smartphones and prefer to call or visit the village office in person. To ensure their concerns are promptly resolved, Party branch secretary He always handles their requests first before patiently teaching them how to use the platform. "I teach them to use the mini program so they'll know what to do next time," he said. Posts about the app have drawn significant attention on Chinese social media, with many netizens commenting, "This shows the real picture of rural revitalization efforts." Wei said the platform gave her a new sense of belonging. "Like many netizens, I've gained a deeper understanding of 'rural revitalization', a term I only encountered in textbooks and news reports. Now, I feel a genuine emotional connection to my hometown." Launched to enhance grassroots governance efficiency and assist local residents, the platform now serves more than 80,000 villages, covering 16.5 percent of China's administrative centers. (By Zhang Dongfang) More Photo Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa Xi attends gala marking 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Regio Magnificent view of ancient tower under morning glow in Central China's Wuhan Humanoid robot attracts public attention in E China's Hangzhou Taipei's mascot bear Bravo celebrates 10th birthday Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Breathtaking 'tidal tree' pattern emerges on Qiantang River Lhasa prepares celebrations of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region Trump, Zelensky hold bilateral meeting Giant panda Ling Yan's 8th birthday celebrated in central China China launches low Earth orbit satellite group Elegant gathering titled 'Hanfu costume and tea ceremony' held in Hague, Netherlands First World Humanoid Robot Games conclude in Beijing Highland barley in NW China's Yushu mature The World Games 2025 concludes in SW China's Chengdu International Memorial Day for Comfort Women : Filipinos march to demand Japan's apology and compensation World Humanoid Sports Games open in Beijing Beijing installs floral decorations to mark 80th anniversary of victory over Japanese aggression, fascism Chinese athletes pursue excellence with passion at the World Games 2025 in Chengdu Unlocking Chinese Cities | Anji: Where green bamboo forests become golden opportunities Decades on, these women still await an apology China's Shang wins women's freestyle parkour gold at Chengdu World Games China launches new group of internet satellites Passing down the legacy of Gaojia Opera in southeast China Gesar horse racing festival draws riders from across China Historic John Rabe's residence draws visitors in remembrance of Nanjing Massacre victims Chinese athlete Chen Mengyue wins gold in women's 52kg Sanda final at Chengdu World Games Massive 20,000-metric-ton bridge rotated to place in central China China secures finswimming relay gold at Chengdu World Games Vibrant night economy in S China's Fuzhou during summer vacation Stand-up paddleboarding popular among citizens in central China City to beat summer heat China's Chun Hin Harry Cheng wins bronze at men's wakesurf skim final of World Games 2025 China's Tang Sishuo wins in Sanda men's 56kg quarterfinal of World Games 2025 Picturesque view of pink salt lake in Kazakhstan Press briefing marking one-month countdown to 2025 CIFTIS held in Beijing Aerial view of fishermen working at ocean ranch of Rongcheng, E China's Shandong Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development Shanghai launches Robotaxi service between airport and Disneyland Tianjin unveils city video ahead of 2025 SCO Summit Xizang sees surge of per-capita disposable income More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]