Culture 中文 Home News Ecns Wire Business Travel Photo Video Voices RIGHT BG LINE Culture 3rd China-Russia library forum opens in Moscow Aug 21, 2025 China's Ambassador to Russia Zhang Hanhui (first from right) and other guests look at cultural relics in the collection of the Russian National Library on Aug 14.And the Far Eastern State Scientific Library (Russia) and Capital Library of China (Beijing) forged a partnership to expand resource sharing and joint research. Celebration of 60th founding anniversary of Xizang Autonomous Region held in Lhasa Aug 21, 2025 Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Aug 21, 2025 Renowned Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passed away at 62 in Beijing in the early hours of Tuesday due to illness, according to a notice released by singer Huang An. Tianjin unveils city video ahead of 2025 SCO Summit Aug 21, 2025 It features the World Intelligence Expo, the Luban Workshop, and the China–Europe Railway Express, underscoring the city's drive to foster global dialogue and cooperation. Liu Tingyu contributed to this story. Blistering sanfu over, but extreme heat isn't Aug 21, 2025 China has endured its second-hottest sanfu period on record this year, and forecasters warn that high temperatures will persist in the south even though the period has ended. Popularity of Zanhua lifts incomes of local residents in Quanzhou Aug 20, 2025 From a young age, Bai Lan, 71, has been involved in the traditional practice of Zanhua — the craft of pinning a colorful floral accessory headdress — in Quanzhou, East China's Fujian province. Nanjing's cultural venues see visitor surge Aug 20, 2025 'Nihao! China' tourism promotion wows Boston Aug 19, 2025 The China National Tourist Office New York held a "Nihao! China" Tourism Promotion Reception on Tuesday at New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts. The reception was hosted in cooperation with the Silkroad Ensemble, with the aim of highlighting the power of music and cultural exchanges in inspiring travel and fostering mutual understanding between China and the United States. The water blossoms of Lugu Lake Aug 14, 2025 Every summer, tiny white flowers quietly bloom across the surface of Lugu Lake. Their botanical name is ottelia acuminata, a plant extremely sensitive to its environment – only the clearest, purest waters can nurture its delicate existence. 'Dongji Rescue': Finding humanity on a sinking ship Aug 13, 2025 In 1942, off the coast of China's Dongji Island, a real-life shipwreck turned into a brutal experiment in human nature, laying bare the extremes of cruelty and compassion. The incident exposed the war crimes of the Japanese military and the unflinching kindness of Chinese fishermen – two choices so starkly opposed that you can still feel the shock eight decades later. Shanghai preserves agri-heritage through global youth program Aug 13, 2025 Young representatives from 13 countries gathered in Shanghai to launch a program focused on developing sustainable approaches to preserving agricultural heritage systems. UAE harnesses AI to boost Arabic language global reach Aug 13, 2025 The UAE has set a model in leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to integrate the Arabic language and its cultural heritage into the digital sphere, boosting its regional and global presence as a language capable of meeting future demands. New market entity data show vitality Aug 13, 2025 China registered 13.28 million new market entities in the first half, with private and foreign-invested firms maintaining steady momentum and cultural industries posting the fastest growth, the State Administration for Market Regulation said on Tuesday. Students explore China-Europe cultural connections Aug 13, 2025 From July 14 to 19, a group of 13 students and faculty members from Tsinghua University traveled to the Czech Republic and Austria for a cultural and academic exchange. Ties bolster heritage protection Aug 12, 2025 As visitors from across the world marvel at the colossal temples at the Karnak Temple Complex in Luxor, Egypt, astounded by the ingenious architectural talent of the ancient Egyptians, a team of archaeologists from China and Egypt are quietly working at a more remote area in the north of the 4,000-year-old complex on the excavation of another important temple — the Temple of Montu. After a 100-year ban, Parisians dive back into Seine Aug 12, 2025 The River Seine, Paris's most iconic waterway, is no longer just for postcards and boat tours." For months before the 2024 Games, newspapers and satirists mocked the plan, with headlines warning about bacteria, heavy rain runoff, and the risk of an embarrassing "swim in sewage". Butterfly in an invisible crowd: tracing wisdom in Zhuangzi's dream Aug 11, 2025 This article brings the classic Chinese literature to the fingertips of global audiences. Having a blast Aug 11, 2025 Fireworks, born to burn bright yet fated to vanish, leave behind the glow of an enduring memory, that, like the discussion about the Chengdu World Games' opening ceremony on Aug 7, lingers on — with viewers awestruck by the breathtaking beauty, and moved by the symbolism, of the pyrotechnic extravaganza. AI bridges past and present in Hainan film Aug 11, 2025 A century after French linguist Francois-Marie Savina chronicled Hainan's Li ethnic culture, artificial intelligence now enables a groundbreaking cross-cultural dialogue, illustrating how technology is transforming cultural preservation. Over 2,000 bamboo medal boxes delivered for 2025 World Games Aug 8, 2025 More than 2,000 bamboo-woven medal boxes for the 12th World Games have been successfully delivered, Qingshen Yunhua Bamboo Tourism Co. in Sichuan Province announced Wednesday. Biting, playful — daring comedians let new generation laugh at itself Aug 8, 2025 Audience members enjoy a live performance at an intimate venue on April 13. The China Association of Performing Arts says comedy performances are seeing the largest attendance growth at smaller venues nationwide.Nearly four years later, she is one of the most popular stand-up comedians in China, touring the country and appearing in popular internet comedy shows. Intelligent tech helps migrating antelopes cross road safely Aug 6, 2025 Tibetan antelopes cross a highway in the Hoh Xil National Nature Reserve in Qinghai province.The idea to develop traffic lights for antelope migration in the Hoh Xil National Nature Reserve had been brewing in the minds of scientists for two decades. World Heritage sites bear new fruit Aug 5, 2025 In 2000, when Xi was governor of the province, he coordinated the application work and suggested using the term "Fujian Tulou" in the application process. Fujian Tulou became a World Heritage site in 2008. Hunan excavations help build a resilient, sustainable future Aug 5, 2025 A great deal of effort has been made to promote the site and its value, as elements from Gaomiao have been widely applied in local tourist development.For example, a creative zone featuring white pottery from Gaomiao has been established not far from the site, where visitors can participate in cultural-experience activities like making pottery. Full text: World Youth Peace Initiative Aug 1, 2025 BEIJING - The World Youth Conference for Peace was held in Beijing on Tuesday.This year marks the 80th anniversary of the victory in the World Anti-Fascist War and the founding of the United Nations. Yangtze River sees recovery in aquatic biodiversity Aug 1, 2025 Two new nationally protected species were identified and the natural breeding of the Chinese high-fin banded shark was observed for the first time in nearly 30 years in the Yangtze River Basin, signaling an overall recovery of aquatic biological resources and habitats, according to a new report. Delicate wares exhibit county's resilience Aug 1, 2025 Showcase highlights the history of Dehua's famous white porcelain culture, which quickly attracted international attention and inspired artists worldwide, Zhang Kun reports. Chinese music festival to debut in Singapore, boosting cultural ties Jul 31, 2025 A Chinese music and arts festival is set to make its international debut in Singapore on September 13 to 14, marking a milestone in cultural exchange as China and Singapore celebrate 35 years of diplomatic relations in 2025. Supported by the Singapore Tourism Board, the event will be held at Resorts World Sentosa and feature emerging artists from China, Singapore, South Korea, the United States, and other regions.Between 45 and 55 percent of attendees were born after 2000, higher than the industry average, with over 70 percent of them traveling from other cities. War film 'Dead to Rights' expands to a global audience Jul 31, 2025 The movie has earned over 814 million yuan ($113 million) at the box office as of July 31, according to industry data. A poster for the film "Dead to Rights" is pictured at a cinema in Shanghai on July 20, 2025. Social media, cultural links boost China's image Jul 31, 2025 From the whimsical Labubu plush toys captivating collectors worldwide to viral travel vlogs showcasing China's landscapes, and the burgeoning popularity of RedNote bridging cultural divides, China's cultural exports are increasingly capturing global attention. First Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next Last Most popular in 24h South Australia can launch pilot projects with China, symposium told Chinese, Afghan FMs vow to deepen cooperation, combat terrorism China's growing national parks boost wildlife conservation President Xi urges concerted efforts for modernization when meeting representatives from across Xizang V-Day parade to unveil advanced weapons More Top news 3rd China-Russia library forum opens in Moscow EconoScope | China's major ports see strong gains amid rising 'new trio' shipments Taiwanese singer Qian Bai-hui passes away at 62 Government mini program helps Sichuan villagers address local issues China, Afghanistan, Pakistan pledge greater cooperation for shared development More Video Swiss Centers unlocks Swiss-Chinese cooperation World Heritage @China: Mount Emei - A marvelous treasure amid the sea of clouds LINE Media partners: People's Daily | Xinhua | CGTN | China Daily Back to top About Us | Jobs | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright ©1999-2025 Chinanews.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. [ 网上传播视听节目许可证（0106168) ] [ 京ICP证040655号 ] [ 京公网安备 11010202009201号 ] [ 京ICP备05004340号-1 ]