801 CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. posted 3 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 26 comments Gunther Eagleman™ @GuntherEagleman • 11h CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. 26 comments FreeFire 26 points 3 hours ago Yes, because the fix was in like usually. CA leftist officials keep shuffling the votes around until they get a result they like. It is a rats' nest of thieving demons who all must be changed out---or, and this is the case--eliminated altogether once we have in place quantum voting from personal phones/computers. It's coming soon. ~ 21 Aug 2025 permalink permissible_missile 13 points 2 hours ago quantum voting Apex cringe permalink Meister_Bockmist 4 points 1 hour ago Listen, Jack, I order my quantum pizza from my quantum phone, and i get my Schrödinger's with extra cheese and a cat in the box. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 5 points 2 hours ago Can confirm. I grew up in California. It is common for districts to have 125% of registered voters cast a ballot on election night in areas that are not as far left. permalink yuio4344 5 points 2 hours ago The CIA, FBI and the other 16 Intel Agencies protected Epstein' / M0ssad / lsraeIi government's Congressional extortion child f*ck honeypot for over 20 years. We may never know what percentage of our Congress became Benjamin Netanyahu's puppets. 'Tells you everything you need to know about who our Deep State is. permalink NotYourMan 2 points 17 minutes ago Once democrats conquered the state of California, they changed the voting laws to favor cheating. This is the last step and that step involves no voter ID, ballot box stuffing, ballot harvesting. Its always the same with democrats after they conquer a city or state. permalink DCPower 1 points 16 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink JoeBidensDementia1 8 points 3 hours ago Paper ballots only. Disabled, military, overseas? Too bad. permalink FuckU/Spez 6 points 2 hours ago Almost every country has a consulate or embassy. Go vote there in person. That's what other countries do. I don't trust the disabled vote. Your caregiver might vote Kamala against your wishes... and it has happened in the past. permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 2 points 42 minutes ago or on any local military base. but we don't have a base anywhere nearby! I need to be able to mail it! we've seen that US postal workers now go through ballots and dump the ones from opponents. when you put it in ANY mail, even US mail, you're destroying chain of custody. permalink glow-operator-2-0 2 points 20 minutes ago Union soldiers were trained / shipped to their registered counties to vote in 1864. It can be done then, it can certainly be done now. Sounds like a lack of will to me. permalink DCPower 1 points 15 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 8 points 3 hours ago This should be on billboards everywhere in California permalink Account 5 points 2 hours ago They didn't count votes for Larry Elder if you didn't bring your mail-in ballot to the polling station. I didn't open mine since I planned to vote in person, so they said my vote would take 2 weeks or so to be counted. permalink DCPower 1 points 15 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink Txiribiton 3 points 3 hours ago ...and about the FBI, DoJ, NSA, etc. It tells you all you need to know about the country. permalink UltraMAGAMilton 3 points 56 minutes ago The moment Gavin said he was going to let the people decide, you knew he was saying, hes about to manufacture consensus for the optics. That's what democracy is. Now he can run around and say, "Hey, the people voted for this, Im just doing what the people want" ;) . . . permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 19 minutes ago People voted for Prop 13 in 1978 and against a later Prop 5 (2020s) that would undo Prop 13. Some of it works. Not sure which though. permalink DCPower 1 points 15 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink hazelknut 2 points 2 hours ago sadly, it tells you that they got all the votes they needed in one night. permalink DCPower 1 points 15 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink AfrikaanerBoer 1 points 3 hours ago PEOPLE’S “REPUBLIC” OF COMMIEFORNIA 🇻🇳 permalink DCPower 1 points 16 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink CO2_Generator 1 points 3 hours ago Dang... permalink MarshallB 1 points 28 minutes ago They were producing votes for Democrat House District nominees. They produced at least two. permalink DCPower 1 points 14 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink 801 CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. posted 3 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 26 comments Gunther Eagleman™ @GuntherEagleman • 11h CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA.