673 Big Problems Erupt in Angola – Chinese Citizens Flee as Anger Erupts Due to Belt and Road Consequences (theconservativetreehouse.com) posted 12 hours ago by Deadbeat 48 comments Big Problems Erupt in Angola - Chinese Citizens Flee as Anger Erupts Due to Belt and Road Consequences - The Last Refuge HatTip to Ben for calling attention to this remarkable story. Essentially China’s “Belt and Road” initiative is a system of China putting massive infrastructure investment funds into a targeted country in exchange for their ability to extract resources nee... theconservativetreehouse.com 48 comments Deadbeat OP 43 points 12 hours ago This is an excellent article that exposes a lot of the weaknesses of the Belt & Road and the Chinese economic model in general. Any ideas that BRICS will replace the USD is absolutely foolish. permalink possibletower 19 points 12 hours ago Sundance and that random Ugandan news website are the only media covering this. There are no "fact check" BS fake articles and no coverage from any other newspapers. Means this is 100% real. They never ever like to cover embarrassing stories from China. There was a massive bullying in schools scandal a few months ago in China and the western media never covered it like they would if it happened in South Korea, Taiwan, or Japan. That scandal broke the Great China Firewall and Chinese spammed the shit out of the bullying videos. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 11 points 11 hours ago What happens in China, stays in China. We should send all Chinese people back to China. Whatever... permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 6 points 12 hours ago That scandal broke the Great China Firewall and Chinese spammed the shit out of the bullying videos. We have to drop a bunch of StarLink capable phones and get more comms. in and out of there. ︎ permalink EvilGreed209 5 points 12 hours ago The prophecys that people are being allowed to complete down to the ritual slaughter of the red heffer cows that took place a week ago (one of them was on the tim pool show talking about it) wishes china to replace the west. permalink The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago Misses the main point. Local cultures always resist large influx of very different foreign cultures. permalink TruthyBrat 1 points 6 hours ago Why do we allow Dearborn et al? permalink Citizen_Bob 39 points 12 hours ago This is bullshit. China needs to start accepting asylum seekers from Angola immediately. permalink magapatriot_pa 6 points 11 hours ago Yeah, right. They'll just become our responsibility for some reason, like usual permalink Here_we_go 16 points 12 hours ago I love that movie - Dude I just want some gravel. One chinese mans mission just to get some basic ass gravel in africa. Nobody works on the whole continent except foreigners https://youtu.be/-pDJ4-MtAkQ?si=8w9IMknjuOR_KQQM permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 11 points 12 hours ago Yep, one of my sons still is working out of the oilfields of Equatorial Guinea. He makes 6 figures while locals get nothing because none of them fucking work. They need to be taught property rights. You teach property rights by mutilating or executing thieves. permalink john9985 7 points 12 hours ago The move might be something like .. Red Hawk Down. Fuck it, let the slants deal with their shit this time! permalink MayorofTrumpton 1 points 2 hours ago Owe you thanks for posting the link. I had seen this video a long time ago and was searching for it again recently for reference during an online discussion about the African work ethic and lack thereof. Had no success with my fruitless search but now thanks to your post I've got it bookmarked for future reference. Can thoroughly recommend this documentary, shows exactly why much of Africa has progressed so little compared to the other continents. permalink ProudAmericanWoman 1 points 1 hour ago It’s all so tiresome. permalink ak83 11 points 12 hours ago This will be the entire continent soon. Few of the countries I was in, Chinese built railways and promised they'd make jobs for the locals. Locals got lost because there were no jobs so the Chinese started pulling resources out of these countries for nothing after bribing the governments. It won't last. Belt and road will be the end of the ccp permalink Elencher 5 points 11 hours ago It’s Africa. Locals don’t work. permalink possibletower 5 points 12 hours ago Domestically China is in free fall. Ghost cities filled with empty tall apartment buildings and the economic recession there makes our 2008-10 Great Recession look like a booming economy. permalink BidenShowerDrool -2 points 11 hours ago China's Belt and road projects are nothing more than what the USA did throughout the 50's, 60's and 70's with sending out Economic hitmen into regions the U.S needed resources and promised them the the first world living if only they sign on the dotted line where by America funds, build and maintains the new infrastructure and complete control of their sea ports. America then sets up naval yards and military bases. How else do you think America gets to have 800+ military installations around the globe. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 3 points 10 hours ago That is completely false, the only major installations the US have abroad are in the nations we effectively colonized in WWII + Korea and we dont use these nations for resources. permalink BidenShowerDrool 1 points 10 hours ago and we dont use these nations for resources. really?, we didn't suck the life out of them via interest on the debt? John Perkins book Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is something you won't learn in Academia but it's worth the read to understand just how long shady CIA operations go back and how much pillaging we have done before the Chinese got in the game. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 10 hours ago we didn't suck the life out of them There is no them, there are no such military bases that exist which you are speaking of You are just lying permalink view 5 more comments... BidensPrisonWallet 10 points 12 hours ago "It's all so tiresome". permalink Get_Off_Big_Tech 8 points 12 hours ago Fatigue. permalink FakeNametag 9 points 12 hours ago LOL Chinese getting their first lesson in how to deal with joggers. Have fun with that! permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 3 points 12 hours ago ︎ I guess the Chinese can run faster than joggers. ︎ permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 12 hours ago And they will not do what needs to be done - systematically executed locals to ensure the mines and factories can operate safely. permalink AmericanJawa 2 points 8 hours ago LOL Chinese getting their first lesson in how to deal with joggers. Have fun with that! Isn't this basically a scaled-up version of what the Irish do when they burn down migrant centers? Or alternatively, the kind of thing that people here keep wishing the white Europeans would do in response to all the invaders that keep getting imported? permalink rae-lynngivens 5 points 12 hours ago Upvoted permalink dagoat4l 4 points 12 hours ago But liberals said China is big and powerful. Everyone would obey the commies. permalink MAGALADON9 4 points 11 hours ago Just float that Chinese organs make you more crafty and wise or something and we'll have them chasing down and eating CCP agents permalink Aircrue 3 points 3 hours ago I travel extensively throughout Africa. The media pretends that Africans hate Americans and esp white people. Nope, Africans hate the Chinese and the theft of jobs and resources. permalink HumphreyPlowjogger 3 points 11 hours ago Who couldn’t see this coming? I predicted it when the CCP started Belt and Road. permalink Abovethefray 1 points 8 hours ago Africa will ALWAYS win. permalink Lol_Garrus 2 points 12 hours ago Belts and Roads don't have much in common, it's a stupid name. permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 12 hours ago Africans evolved separately under a hot climate with low reward for community, ingenuity or survival instincts. It created an environment of low survivability resulting in high breeding, no respectable invention and little desire to think creatively. Everything given to them they repeatedly fail to maintain or care about. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 6 points 11 hours ago They just have been under communist regimes for decades and still haven't been taught property rights. If you just torture and kill the thieves systematically you will be fine with the locals that remain. permalink AmericanJawa 4 points 8 hours ago Africans evolved separately under a hot climate with low reward for community, ingenuity or survival instincts. It created an environment of low survivability resulting in high breeding, no respectable invention and little desire to think creatively. Meanwhile, the folks in the cold north of Scandinavia have a distinct and notable history of raiding and pillaging and raping their neighbors. To say nothing of how I guarantee you that if this were happening in Europe with white people driving out the invaders rather than black folks in Africa driving out the Chinese the tone would be one of celebration about white people finally standing up for themselves. permalink BigIgloo 2 points 11 hours ago 😂 Chinks learning the hard way that no matter what you do in Africa it stays the same permalink AmericanJawa 3 points 8 hours ago Chinks learning the hard way that no matter what you do in Africa it stays the same Isn't this the kind of response people have been wishing that the native whites in Europe were taking in response to the mass importation of foreigners? permalink Totsugeki 2 points 10 hours ago Never has the "It's all so tiresome" meme been more relevant than here. https://youtu.be/Q-YL7iythk8 permalink mass55th 1 points 12 hours ago See what happens when you let the devil through your door? permalink Aggrieved03 1 points 12 hours ago Are they headed jogging? permalink Crapachino 1 points 6 hours ago Well, who would have foreseen that... Not the slit eyes! permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -7 points 12 hours ago The US government needs to push military aid into subsaharan Africa to fight communists. Ensure there is a rifle in the hands of every man, woman, and child, while blockading every country ran by pinkos. permalink 673 Big Problems Erupt in Angola – Chinese Citizens Flee as Anger Erupts Due to Belt and Road Consequences (theconservativetreehouse.com) posted 12 hours ago by Deadbeat 48 comments Big Problems Erupt in Angola - Chinese Citizens Flee as Anger Erupts Due to Belt and Road Consequences - The Last Refuge HatTip to Ben for calling attention to this remarkable story. Essentially China’s “Belt and Road” initiative is a system of China putting massive infrastructure investment funds into a targeted country in exchange for their ability to extract resources nee... theconservativetreehouse.com