1189 The Texas Legislature will now move toward eliminating PROPERTY TAXES, according to State Rep. Brian Harrison. Get it done, and do it in every state. posted 9 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 156 comments 156 comments Fundadores 86 points 9 hours ago If we can get this done, Happy Gilmore is going to look so archaic and evil. Selling an old lady’s house because she couldn’t pay taxes is abhorrent. permalink lefty295 64 points 9 hours ago We’re supposed to have property rights, why do we rent our property from the government basically? permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 36 points 9 hours ago Taxation is theft. Can't pay your property taxes? Government steals your house. permalink IncredibleMrE1 11 points 9 hours ago States should charge the federal government taxes for holding land within their borders permalink mikethemarine 6 points 3 hours ago But they need the taxes to be able to support ALL those illegals coming in to take our jobs and keep labor low and give democrats VOTES permalink RockyBalboa 4 points 3 hours ago I like this idea. Make it equal to or greater than the sum of property taxes for all state landowners, then when you pay property tax each year you can fill out a rebate with your state to be paid from these funds. permalink view 1 more comments... NicklePickle2 1 points 2 hours ago And where would the federal government get money to pay taxes? permalink view 2 more comments... FrmrAmericanRepublic 9 points 8 hours ago Exactly, and fuck that 'but our schools' bullshit. AI is pretty much going to gut the education system anyway. Going to a building to learn something is going to be as stupidly quaint as hitching a horse to a carriage to get to work. permalink DeaduponArousal 4 points 2 hours ago Exactly. Did anyone see a reduction in their property taxes during and after Covid when no one was in school? I sure didn’t. permalink bangbus 3 points 2 hours ago “But, Comrade, COVID cost the schools more money because we had to hire more diversity coordinators to fight the disproportionate effects of COVID on the BIPOC community.” permalink tchouk 8 points 7 hours ago Because school districts need their billions to keep their morbidly bloated administrations, graft and corruption growing. How will our children live without a billion dollar school stadiums and at least 3 fat women administrating their daily lives? Why won't anyone think of the children? permalink gravenspine 3 points 3 hours ago Good thing my district just bought a new bond every year for 5 years. permalink Klown_Kutz 4 points 3 hours ago Because it would be worse than 9/11 to make home ownership easier for peasants. permalink dukeofdoorcounty 4 points 2 hours ago I owned a house in Dallas for 25 years. I paid more in property taxes than I paid for the house, by far. permalink magamagamaga123 2 points 2 hours ago When I lived in Dallas county property tax rates were over 3%. permalink dukeofdoorcounty 1 points 1 hour ago DISD has 20 administrators that make over $300K a year. No one knows what they do. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 25 points 9 hours ago You know, most of us won't know what it feels like to own property without a mortgage hanging over our heads, and it sucks that governments see people like this as income. permalink CT2099 6 points 9 hours ago As a kid, i thought you worked for 30 years to pay off the mortgage. As an adult I realized you live in 2-3 houses before your long term house, then you buy that one with 20% down and pay it off 10 years early because you profited from the previous house sales. Which still means you're likely paying SOME mortgage for 25+ years, but still, it's a much better home than the one you start with permalink RustySheckelford 3 points 7 hours ago Or just serve your country for one fucking enlistment and use your VA loan to get a low interest, no down payment home loan. But I get your point, property taxes l And the system in general fucking sucks. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 2 points 4 hours ago In Australia, I knew a couple and they weren't originally from Australia, they migrated. They bought their first house in Perth, then moved to Melbourne, they bought a 6 bedroom in a working class suburb. They rented every bedroom out but their own for $180 to $220 per week, not including bills. Then they bought a shop and townhouse combo with 6 total bedrooms or minus 2 for use as consulting rooms or offices. Again, same rental. Then another 4 bedroom house that they intend to move into in the future. If you want to do property rights, you have to get aggressive. permalink EdgyUsernamexX69Xx 1 points 1 hour ago The Fed isn’t buying your bags anymore (MBSs) and rates have quadrupled so I implore you to keep playing this game so you can find out what paying 30 years straight is like permalink Cyer6 4 points 8 hours ago They're fucking predatory. The state has billions of excess to spend yet people are getting kicked out of homes they've owned for years. It's insane any government in the US can do this to its own people. permalink infinitysupreme 59 points 9 hours ago Govt should never be able to take your home permalink Johnkimble111 26 points 9 hours ago Unless you’re an illegal. permalink RonPaulWasRight 33 points 9 hours ago If you're an illegal you shouldn't be able to buy a home. Or rent an apartment. permalink dogcatfud 16 points 8 hours ago No foreign national, regardless of immigration status, should be allowed to purchase property in the United States. permalink DenturesNancy 1 points 2 hours ago hahaha, u got 11 that liked this, u should run for office permalink MythArcana 40 points 9 hours ago That means Newsom will be raising property tax. permalink RonPaulWasRight 12 points 9 hours ago The liberals in CA are so browbeaten at this point I'm not sure they'd even notice. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 14 points 9 hours ago I moved to SF from NC. The sticker shock has been insane. I pay over 3x the amount of rent I paid for the same square footage in NC. Just normal everyday items are priced $2-3 higher than the rest of the country. I really don't understand how people live here unless they are making MINIMUM $100k/yr permalink RonPaulWasRight 12 points 9 hours ago I moved to SF from NC Good lord why would you do that to yourself?? permalink JimmyRussler 7 points 9 hours ago Sometimes you just wake up and get the urge to do some street shitting. It's natural. permalink Cyer6 4 points 8 hours ago Had to be one hell of a job opportunity because that is one hell of a shithole to move to. permalink view 1 more comments... NomadicKrow2 3 points 8 hours ago "In addition to the being alive tax, we'll now introduce the breath tax! For a low payment of ten cents per breath, you can breathe!" - California taxes permalink Klown_Kutz 2 points 3 hours ago Breath subscription permalink ChickenStrips 28 points 9 hours ago TX has some pretty high property tax rates. permalink invalid_data 10 points 8 hours ago But no income tax... But for those of you not from Texas. Texas legislature has been saying they will work on property tax for forever now. These greedy bastard will never give it up. Especially not after the massive revenue jump they got thanks to run away housing market jumps. permalink tchouk 9 points 7 hours ago It's all fraudulent appraisal prices anyway, set to meet school district budgets. And those are all broke because of uncontrolled, corrupt administrations spending billions on themselves permalink RhodesianRidgeback 3 points 1 hour ago I went in a Texas public school in a nice suburb in Texas. There was not one White American in there. It was 98% Mexicans, 2% blacks. Everyone was speaking spanish. Kids were speaking spanish. Teachers speaking spanish. Classes being taught in spanish. It was not America. It was Mexican controlled territory. permalink tchouk 1 points 55 minutes ago Any your property taxes are paying for it. Yay for Karen-ocracy! permalink Cyer6 6 points 7 hours ago They keep trying to throw little curve balls in every year with those bullshit homestead exemptions. Something that usually never affects your final PT bill because the counties can put a cap on it. Then after they pass those, they (Abbott and Patrick) try to claim that they did "meaningful reform." 6 months later, everyone gets their property tax bill and sees that it still went up. The counties use cryptic measures to steal more and more. I can't figure out what the hell they're doing most of the time. Even when my home value goes down, that fucking PT bill still manages to go hope. I hate those crooks. permalink RedTX 3 points 3 hours ago I could not afford to buy my current place/location if I were just starting out. Appraisals are such a racket, and are in my shit list just like insurance. If property taxes are indeed cut (ha!) I hope that every State Agency is audited and trimmed of excess fat, like a DOGE type of audit. permalink TheLion 5 points 2 hours ago For me in Tarrant County, the reduction I received last year was completely offset by the county artificially raising the value of my land by $40k and increasing my appraisal value by $125k. Thankfully I was able to win my appeal, but I guarantee there are thousands that don’t even know they can appeal or how to do it. permalink TheWoodsman 2 points 1 hour ago You can hire a service that does it for you. permalink RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 1 hour ago They will raise sales tax to 10%, raise gas tax, and tax everything else even more. Texas doesn't have state income tax, but they tax the shit out of you on just about everything else via micro taxes. Taxes here, taxes there. In realtiy you are paying even more in taxes than with a state income tax. permalink OldMule68 8 points 9 hours ago Yes, a couple years ago, they got jacked up super high. I am guessing that it created a lot of ill will with Texans. permalink OrangeCatBad 2 points 3 hours ago Yea, but it still less then what I was paying in the north east for much less property and house. permalink RhodesianRidgeback 0 points 1 hour ago Yes and no. Texas still taxes the shit out of you in other ways. permalink MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago And you get pulled over there more. Colorado has state income tax. I never get pulled over in Colorado. State is gonna need funding. Its gonna get it somehow. Directly, property, or taxation via citation. Its gonna get its money. permalink FireTheCannons1776 1 points 1 minute ago The very blue county needed more money to cover their agenda. Guess what? Cut programs? Nope. Raise the country property tax 3 cents. Crappy schools? Raise the property tax for schools 1 cent. Sales tax goes up? Never! The horror. People and businesses will leave our area by the buckets. Turns out, it's harder to raise sales tax then property tax. permalink Spawnlingman 16 points 9 hours ago If this happened in Maryland (which it never will). The governor would just raise everyone's sales and income tax by 5%. permalink tchouk 5 points 7 hours ago It would be a way better deal anyway. House prices are going to keep growing with inflation long-term. And inflation isn't going to stop, it will continue getting worse, until the monetary system changes. Which it won't do until a major collapse that fucks up everything leads to bankers getting what they deserve. And through it all, central appraisal districts will continue setting fake bullshit prices for your property to wring more fraudulent tax out of you. 5% increase is a one time theft. permalink Klown_Kutz 2 points 2 hours ago bankers getting what they deserve. Ovens? permalink flashersenpai 2 points 1 hour ago WEW permalink tchouk 1 points 56 minutes ago We all know what they deserve, but they don't know what they deserve. One must be careful with language about bankers. permalink Elephant_Trump 15 points 9 hours ago most property taxes are assessed at the city/county level. this sounds like a good deal. a tiny step in a good general direction, but it's not as magical as it's being sold. permalink OnceADroplet 13 points 9 hours ago I know, in my heart of hearts, that BlackRock and Vanguard get property tax breaks one way or another. Corporations have more rights than humans. permalink Sodak 10 points 9 hours ago I was kind of wondering about this, if our governments trying to pass it I'm assuming it's because these super rich corps want it. There should be some sort of caveat that you have to be a regular person Blackrock should 100% have to pay taxes on the 50 million houses and hundreds of thousands of acres they're buying up keeps em in check a little. permalink Klown_Kutz 5 points 2 hours ago Do some research on your local property taxes. You'll find that big businesses get huge property tax breaks, and those are subsidized by raising rates on homeowners. They get road improvements that taxpayers subsidize. Heavy power users like data centers get reduced rates that, again, homeowners subsidize. Welcome to Corporatism. permalink OnceADroplet 3 points 9 hours ago Plenty of great ideas such as this. The problem is that there is no baseline between lack of awareness, fake news, and the focus on retirement assets for a comfortable transition to the afterlife regardless of lifestyle. City counsels should have been changing laws over a decade ago to charge rental housing corporations large tariffs to operate in their community. permalink ProfessorJagoff 4 points 9 hours ago Value Limitation Agreements and County Abatements, think wind energy development, for which BlackRock and Vanguard have heavily been investing in. The improvements may raise the property value by 20million, but they can get the land value capped for tax purposes, furthermore the county can set the taxes to be reduced for up to 10 years for the purpose of enticing developers (many counties cave because they’re desperate for economic development). permalink OnceADroplet 2 points 8 hours ago That's a lot to unpack. Can you explain the land value cap? permalink ProfessorJagoff 2 points 8 hours ago To ensure I wasn't giving out bad info, I ran it by GPT, there have been some changes since I last looked into this (looks like 313, the value limitation agreement, ceased in 2022 but contracts made before than are grandfathered). See below for a better response than I could provide: "🏫 Chapter 313 – School District Value Limitation Agreements (now expired, but grandfathered for old deals) Target: school property taxes (the biggest chunk of property tax bills in Texas). Mechanism: A school district can cap the taxable value of a new investment for 10 years. Example: Wind farm costs $300M, but district agrees to only tax it as if it’s worth $20M. Taxes drop from ~$3M/year to ~$200K/year. Sweetener: The developer kicks in “payments in lieu of taxes” (PILOTs) directly to the district — often millions under the table. Schools love it because they get cash plus bragging rights about “economic development.” Investors love it because they slash 90%+ of their tax liability. 📌 This was the big one corporations like BlackRock leaned on. It expired in 2022, but deals signed before then are good for a decade. There’s constant lobbying to revive it under a new name. 🏛️ Chapter 312 – County/City Abatements Target: county, city, and special district taxes (not schools). Mechanism: County commissioners can abate (forgive) a percentage of property tax on new improvements for up to 10 years. Example: County offers an 80% abatement. On a $1.8M tax bill, developer only pays $360K/year. Motivation: Poor rural counties desperate for jobs and “investment” usually cave, because otherwise the developer just threatens to go one county over." "Chapter 313 was the Cadillac of Texas corporate tax breaks, but BlackRock & Co. don’t just junk the ride when the lease is up. They pivot to every other lever in the system. Here’s the short list of escape hatches: "📉 1. Accelerated Depreciation & Federal Write-Offs Even if the state taxes them, the IRS lets them depreciate wind/solar gear fast. A $100M wind farm might look like it’s worth $100M in year one, but on paper it’s depreciated to $60M in a blink, meaning state/local tax bases shrink. Add in bonus depreciation rules from federal tax law, and they can wipe out a ton of taxable value quickly. 🌞 2. Federal Tax Credits (PTC & ITC) Not technically “getting around” taxes, but it has the same effect. Production Tax Credit (PTC): credits for every kWh produced. Investment Tax Credit (ITC): 30%+ off the upfront cost. BlackRock funnels these credits through “tax equity financing” — they partner with banks/insurers who need tax shelters. The credits offset federal liability, making the effective cost of building projects much lower. 🏦 3. Tax Equity Partnerships Wall Street firms like BlackRock, Vanguard, JPMorgan use renewable projects as giant tax shelters. They invest in projects not just for profit, but to soak up credits and deductions. The result: the project may technically owe taxes, but the investors dodge theirs via credits. 🛠️ 4. Negotiated PILOTs (Payments in Lieu of Taxes) With 313 gone, developers push counties/schools for informal deals: “We’ll pay you $200K a year direct to your budget if you cut us a break on valuation.” These side payments aren’t always transparent, but they’re legal. 💨 5. Transfer Pricing & REIT Structures Some projects get dropped into REITs (Real Estate Investment Trusts) or LLC networks. Income can be shifted across subsidiaries, minimizing taxable footprint in Texas while profits flow to investors elsewhere." permalink OnceADroplet 1 points 8 hours ago Dang. Deuteronomy suddenly seems like an easy read. permalink view 1 more comments... Klown_Kutz 1 points 2 hours ago All subsidized by higher taxes on homeowners. When does the shooting start? permalink Brownwaterboys 9 points 9 hours ago You're not free if you don't truly own your land. permalink MiyamotoHolliday 1 points 2 hours ago You're not free if you're tied to a place. permalink booblitchutz 3 points 2 hours ago You are thinking of another kind of freedom, the kind underpass living meth addicts enjoy. permalink MiyamotoHolliday 0 points 2 hours ago Also the kind rich jet setters with no permanent address enjoy permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago That’s not a real thing permalink view 1 more comments... conservativefrank 8 points 9 hours ago This would be such a financial relief. permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago A. It will never happen. Brian Harrison is an outsider in the TX House. B. If it did they’d just get the same (or more) money elsewhere from us. permalink flashersenpai 2 points 1 hour ago B. If it did they’d just get the same (or more) money elsewhere from us. That's expected. But not all taxes are equal even if the monetary impact is the same. Some have worse incentives and worse consequences for one group or another. For example, replacing property tax with sales tax is more fair (for a tax) because it can be avoided and isn't a recurring taking on paid property. But it will benefit richer people owning previously taxable assets and disadvantaging poorer people who don't own property and will pay more in sales tax as a portion of their income than rich people. permalink Joeret 1 points 31 minutes ago The sales tax versus property tax idea would drastically help landlords. Many landlords don’t even live in Texas so it’ll just be pure profit for them and the tax obligations will be passed directly onto the resident homeowners. permalink Deplorable2020 7 points 8 hours ago Texas has some really high property tax. It's like 3x-4x as much as FL. I love the idea of homesteading a house and up to 10 acres and not having to pay property tax on that property. However, one benefit of TX's high property tax is that it makes it very costly for a land baron Blackrock to buy up all the land and sit on it. permalink texas4ever 7 points 8 hours ago For those who don't live here, the property taxes are insanely high. Lots of us are paying 15-20k a year or more...for nice suburban houses, but not exactly mansions either. permalink Mr_Rightside OP 6 points 9 hours ago https://x.com/EricLDaugh/status/1958325994512932877 permalink I-am-Orlando PRO 2 points 9 hours ago 👍🏼 permalink Pissonit 5 points 9 hours ago This will be a great help for me and my wife. Every year they keep raising the value of my home and every year we fight it and lose. permalink Cyer6 4 points 7 hours ago I don't even fight it. The only thing you do is contest their appraisal board's value assessment of your home. Based on what I know about homes in my area, their assessment usually comes in just below what many similar homes are selling for so there's no point. There needs to be much more done to stop these counties from endlessly raising rates along with that a homestead law that prevents them from taking someone's primary home. permalink Pissonit 1 points 2 hours ago Agreed... permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago I fight and I usually get a reduction in their proposed value. This year I used ChatGPT and it did a very good job. permalink Pissonit 1 points 2 hours ago The problem in my area is houses around me are selling at high rates. For example: I bought my home brand new 20 years ago for $140.000. todays value is $296.000 but people who are buying the houses around me that go up for sale are having biding wars to get them. I live in a prime location. Not too far from the city but far enough to feel safer than in the city. Plus there's a ton of chemical plants not to far. Plenty of work with high ass paying jobs so people will fight for these locations. A close neighbor sold his house not too long ago and I shit you not, he made a 200k profit. Will be selling next year because we're retired and don't need a 3 bedroom home anymore. Hope to make a big profit like my neighbor as well.... permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah but where are you going to move to? Also that $200k of “profit”, does that take into account the interest paid on the mortgage? You’re better off staying putX permalink Pissonit 1 points 1 hour ago Yea, I know what you mean. It's a no win situation but if you have a friend that has a ton of land in the country that will sell you ten acres for dirt cheap it makes things very different. Will be able to build a small home and a good size shop there and still keep a little of the profit in the kitty. In my case I was very very fortunate to be able to pay my house of in ten years. You never get back what you put in but lump sum of cash like this makes it feel like you earned something even if you know you spent way more just living there.... permalink lifeisahologram 5 points 9 hours ago Not sure how accurate this is, but apparently a big city like Houston only collected 1.4 billion in 2024 from property taxes, but 3 billion from hotel taxes. Seems like even if they want to get that tax money from somewhere else (personally I think they should learn to work with less) but a complete elimination could be easily shored up by just increasing taxes on other sources that won’t impact local residents too much directly. But you don’t have to do it all in one sector, that way no one thing sees a huge tax increase. Just 0.05% here, 0.05% there, they’d be fine. If they have to increase, I’d just focus on consumption, particularly non vital consumption, and things affecting out of towners permalink kwakkles 4 points 8 hours ago Taxes are theft. permalink Tookens 3 points 5 hours ago If they don't get their money from property taxes they'll get it some other way.. trust me. Taxes aren't going down. permalink OMC-RADIO 1 points 5 hours ago I do trust your statement. The idea is to force them to cut the bloat, but bureaucrats gonna bureaucrat… they’ll cut police, fire fighters; road repairs and shut down public parks and schools. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 1 hour ago Taxes can still change methods/terms in a way that has less negative affects. permalink America_No_1 3 points 8 hours ago Shouldn't have to rent something from the government thaf you bought permalink OMC-RADIO 2 points 4 hours ago …on gains that you don’t even receive unless you sell. There is not a single way that property taxes benefit the consumer. Insane valuation tactics are simply used to get more money every year. The actual value is the actual price someone paid for their home. This is where homeowners insurance enters the chat. permalink Hanging_Chad 3 points 9 hours ago sales tax goes up? permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 3 points 6 hours ago NOW DO INCOME TAX!!! permalink I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 9 hours ago Texas legislature pulls this bullshit "no property taxes" stunt every new session. It will never happen because the democrats (commies) run the State and their RINO lapdogs always do their bidding. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago ULTRA WINNING!! ^^ permalink BrionK 2 points 5 hours ago This will never happen. It's the only real revenue for the state. But if it did. 49 states would lose population overnight. Nothing would stop us all from moving there. permalink OMC-RADIO 1 points 5 hours ago I can learn to tolerate the scorpions, rattlesnakes and smoked brisket on everything. permalink DemocratMath 2 points 7 hours ago Do the rest of the country next please. permalink MemeWarsVet 2 points 7 hours ago Would move more states to do it. permalink friedchicken 2 points 9 hours ago How is the state supposed to fund itself? Tariffs? permalink OMC-RADIO 3 points 4 hours ago By shrinking? permalink farfiman 2 points 9 hours ago Sales tax? permalink friedchicken 1 points 8 hours ago Is that enough? permalink GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 4 hours ago None in Delaware! permalink Sipow 2 points 3 hours ago Cut government spending and waste permalink friedchicken 1 points 14 minutes ago There's not that much spending or waste to cut! permalink CovfefeVideo 2 points 8 hours ago Make them voluntary, so if leftists really want to pay them, they still can. permalink Deplorable556 2 points 3 hours ago what will brian CCP kemp of georgia do? permalink cyberrigger 2 points 9 hours ago DO IT permalink hey_spike 2 points 6 hours ago Dems need to save democracy. Quick flee to Massachusetts to protest the draconian tax cuts. permalink caliche27 2 points 8 hours ago Harris county has one of the highest property taxes in the USA. You also have to fight tooth and nail the county's appraisal district every year because they appraise you primary home like is gold, so you are on the hook for more taxes! Florida property taxes are also getting out of hand! permalink Another_ID 1 points 3 hours ago You may actually own something?!? permalink EastTexasMadLad 1 points 4 hours ago I’m coming home if they do this permalink Urusovite 1 points 7 hours ago leave property taxes for cali transplants though permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago HA permalink PatPede1 1 points 3 hours ago So, uh, how is Texas going to service all the bonds it has pegged on property taxes?? Every school bond, every city bond, every municipal bond??? Corporate taxes? Magical crypto AI money?? I am Texan….I would love no property taxes on top of no income taxes….but who is going to pay the bills? Sales tax? Corporate tax? Sovereign wealth fund?? permalink joa2eEri 1 points 8 hours ago Let’s fucking gooooooo!!!!! permalink roadrunner0 1 points 1 hour ago They will get the money one way or another so expect sales taxes to go way up along with fuel taxes and license fees to be more like California.. Also expect roads to get shittier, State services to get worse and the cost of educating your children to get higher along with a thousand other things.. When the police and fire don't answer the phone when you call during an emergency or worse yet tell you they are not coming as your home burns just think of how happy you were when you stopped paying those taxes.. permalink Johnkimble111 1 points 9 hours ago This is potentially great, but completely unsustainable at current levels if government spending. The media whine like babies but it seems even done here believe their bullshit. The current cuts are absolutely tiny, the real scandal is Trump’s failure to reduce spending - I.e. the problem is the exact opposite that the media would have you believe. permalink I_Love_45-70_Gov 1 points 9 hours ago President Trump and the federal gov has zero say on any State's legislative decisions regarding State taxation, or any other legislative decisions not covered under the Articles of the U.S. Constitution. The 10th Amendment should be priority one on your reading list. permalink Sipow 1 points 3 hours ago That is an extremely simplistic view and is just not reality. The 10th amendment does not prevent the Federak government from exerting strong influence and power over what happens in a state. It does prevent legislation of such things but that is far from the only influence possible. Roughly $100 billion of Texas’ state budget comes from the Federal government. That is about 1/3 of their total budget. The Federal government is free to manipulate and adjust that as it sees fit. Controlling the strings on 1/3 of the state budget gives tremendous power of influence the Federal level. Trump has already being using to effect changes in other states. permalink quiznossucks1 1 points 60 minutes ago when???...lets go permalink super_pede 1 points 13 minutes ago Blanket repeal pf property taxes it's a bad freaking odea. It will 100% create land barons , which texas had in its history and the reason property taxes exist in the first place. Once again for people in the back. Property taxes were passed in the American west as a response to land barons buying up huge pieces of land, not improving it and demanding outrageous prices. What you guys really want is texas to raise the limit on it's homestead exemption. Those are not the same thing permalink yodayoda 1 points 3 hours ago ain't gonna happen. Texas legislature is full of RINOs. permalink Drewniverse 1 points 6 hours ago Remove Section 8 and deport the illegals before this happens so I can buy some property at a good price!!! permalink Bilbobaggins 1 points 56 minutes ago Yes please. My property taxes keep increasing every year to such a massive degree I’m not sure how sustainable it is long term. They keep valuing my house much higher than I know it would sell for and I’m getting fleeced. Worst part is our country distributes the funds equally to schools so our ghetto schools are super nice just to have 40% graduation rates. permalink CT2099 1 points 9 hours ago I'll believe it when it happens. They've said that for a decade at least permalink patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 hours ago Agreed! permalink TheWoodsman 1 points 1 hour ago So we get income taxes now? permalink ManOfThePeople 1 points 9 hours ago Good news, China. permalink onesummerdream 1 points 3 hours ago Hey! Ohio! Pay attention over here. permalink Mega_MAGA 1 points 1 hour ago They will just increase sales tax permalink Normaldude 0 points 2 hours ago Black Rock owns all of the property now. They are going to save a ton of money. permalink rapskull 0 points 9 hours ago The Federal Reserve can print cash at will. permalink hazelknut 0 points 1 hour ago lol. they didn't even revoke parking spots for the Dems that left the state, and now all of a sudden they're going to pass heroic legislation? permalink maga_gal2 -1 points 9 hours ago Hol up. How tf are schools going to be funded then?? If the dept of education is dismantled, and they get rid of property taxes... what the heck? permalink LordKuroTheGreat 4 points 8 hours ago Easy, the government shouldn't be allowed to be involved in schooling. We've given this experiment a century to prove itself, and it's a failure. The students they churn out are drug-addicted mentally ill retarded gay communists who can't count change and are convinced that they're stupid and hate learning. Do you really want people too dumb to balance their budgets teaching your kid math anyway? permalink 2_Ton_Tony 1 points 3 hours ago You’d be surprised to know where most school funding comes from, in Michigan only 10% is from property taxes. The proposed plan would have people individually pay for services they require, such as libraries, trash pickup, etc. There’s a lot of great information here: https://www.axmitax.org/ permalink ModsAreCucked -1 points 9 hours ago Crazy how republicans have never been winning like this anytime within the last century. But you wouldn’t know it because doomer fags and zoomer retards do nothing but cry and repeat Democrat hoaxes. The latest Hoax from groyper/zoomer fags is that Gavin Newscum is more based than Vance. Lmao. permalink Batdon -8 points 9 hours ago Stupid. What are they going to tax? Income tax and sales tax are stupid because you're paying a tax for what, exactly? Taxes should be paid for services. It doesn't cost the state anything to provide services to your home? permalink wharfthrowaway 17 points 9 hours ago You shouldn't pay rent to the government for property you own permalink honolulu_blue 3 points 9 hours ago But understand, you would be creating a new asset class which the Blackrocks of the world can accumulate and hold cost free for decades. permalink DentArthurDent 3 points 9 hours ago Businesses should still pay property tax which should prevent all business-related property from eventually accumulating into one entity. You can protect small landlords by only charging property tax on owned property when more than a handful of employees (<=5 for exmaple) are on the payroll. With, or course, the Primary residence never being taxed. This still could see property eventually accumulate in to a few families over a long time but I wouldn't foresee this being a problem like an immortal megacorp would be. I'd rather see an increase in a State's sales tax than have property taxes. At least sales taxes affect everyone all the time - even illegals, travellers, and tourists. Hey, we could go scorched earth and make it illegal for any business entity to own residentially zoned property. The only exclusion I can think of would be multi-family properties. I dunno. Food for thought! permalink wharfthrowaway 3 points 8 hours ago simple addendum "No property taxes for your primary residence" permalink lefty295 3 points 9 hours ago Most utilities are through private companies. Even if they have a monopoly, you pay the bills to the company, not through taxes. The only reason we have a property tax is because it’s the hardest tax to evade. Cities and towns love it. You can’t claim your house is somewhere else across county lines after all. Almost all property tax gets spent on schools or just general government budget. You’re not “paying” for anything like a transaction. Most fire departments are volunteer outside of bigger cities usually. Don’t take taxes. I guess the police? But you can pay them with other taxes, doesnt have to be a property tax. permalink Quietam_Unum 1 points 30 minutes ago We get a property tax bill that has fire and trash collection as separate line items listed as "Fee". permalink barwhack 2 points 9 hours ago Sales tax is maybe most sensible, because it fees a goverment provided service, viz currency use. And it is substantially voluntary; AND it hooks in hiders, broadening the tax basis to anons like invader-day-workers and out-of-state visitors and other non-worker non-owner money spenders ... via the mercantile portion of the cash system. permalink ShyRussian 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink yuge_bigly_01 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1189 The Texas Legislature will now move toward eliminating PROPERTY TAXES, according to State Rep. Brian Harrison. Get it done, and do it in every state. posted 9 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 156 comments