920 Get ready for your electricity bills to skyrocket, both BlackRock and Blackstone have begun purchasing American electric utilities companies “Private equity firms BlackRock and Blackstone are both in the process of acquiring their first electric utility companies posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 103 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 15h Get ready for your electricity bills to skyrocket, both BlackRock and Blackstone have begun purchasing American electric utilities companies “Private equity firms BlackRock and Blackstone are both in the process of acquiring their first electric utility companies - BlackRock is 103 comments PatriotSkorzeny 42 points 13 hours ago Nah. Shits critical infrastructure. No globalism in any American residential energy. Trump won’t allow this. 🇺🇸🫡 permalink EvilGreed209 36 points 13 hours ago Blackrock has control of 85% of all fortune 500 companies as they sit on all their boards with all the say so. America will be completely under their control when the boomers pass and their kids will get nothing but sky high prices and enslaved owning literally nothing just rent slaves to get fleeced for every little purchase to the max. permalink Vag2024 27 points 13 hours ago We need to summon the of teddy Roosevelt to break up blackrock like he did to so many others permalink The_Return_of_User_x 11 points 12 hours ago Sounds like Blackrock/Blackstone is becoming a monopoly. Break them into a thousand different color pebbles like they did with Ma-Bell. permalink Threaper666 7 points 10 hours ago Thats exactly what went threw my head. How is this not a monoply? If they have the power to influence markets. Thats enough to force them to break up. permalink FromTheTopRope 5 points 9 hours ago The fact that you have to go back in time 100 years just for an example. The Sherman Act is dead letter. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -13 points 12 hours ago You are a communist pushing to destroy capitalism. permalink IRemoveKebab 3 points 7 hours ago Don't you have a chosen people to defend? permalink War_Hamster 17 points 12 hours ago Your math is a bit off, but you correctly stated they have control of shares, not ownership. If you go to Yahoo Finance and look up the top Holders for any of the S&P 500 companies, the top 3 Holders listed are usually Vanguard, Blackrock, and State Street. That's because they are the biggest managers of index ETF's. But they don't actually own those shares. YOU do. Through lobbying, the SEC and Congress has given them the right to vote your proxies on your behalf without you opting in. When you buy a stock, you have to opt out of your right to vote your shares as a beneficial owner, but not so with funds. The good news is that there are many ongoing efforts to reverse this. But 85% was a gross exaggeration and Vanguard is bigger than Blackrock. Blackrock is just more nefarious when it comes to leveraging control over boards, but that trend is already reversing somewhat. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 0 points 12 hours ago Shares are ownership. They hold beneficial ownership. permalink War_Hamster 5 points 10 hours ago This is a subject that I’m an absolute expert on, probably more so than anything we’ve ever discussed. Do you really want me to give a deep explanation to back what I said? If so, I’ll do that in the morning. permalink view 3 more comments... MikeyisNinja 8 points 13 hours ago I mean the whole market is ran by Blackrocks Aladdin. We are already screwed lol permalink BidenShowerDrool 3 points 11 hours ago I'm old enough to remember the cowboy antics of Enron's smartest man in the room and how it directly hurt my pocket like a son of a bitch. Blackrock and Blackstone are measurably way, way worse. permalink EdgyUsernamexX69Xx 7 points 13 hours ago actTsHuAlLy incorrect. They will take all the boomer’s money in made up medical/hospice costs first. So they will get literally nothing, and then get sky high prices and enslavement. #WhereDidYouServe permalink flashersenpai 3 points 12 hours ago damn permalink NotYourMan 4 points 12 hours ago You will own nothing and be happy. Take your happy pill each day or go to jail (Brave New World!). permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 12 hours ago Funny thing is we have a nation of young people on happy pills aka Anti Axiety making them weirdos. permalink FakeNametag 3 points 12 hours ago Anybody with capital and a brain should be buying electric utilities, so it's not surprising they are investing here. Data centers/AI are about to significantly skyrocket electrical usage; I see articles all the time about huge infrastructure projects starting up to build more capacity before our whole system crashes. The revenue growth will be huge. It doesn't necessarily mean our rates will be going up, but they probably will if we don't get a lot more capacity online and soon. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 4 points 12 hours ago Due to heavy regulation, investment was discouraged. Because investment was discouraged, supply didn't increase while demand has increased. So prices are headed up. permalink HoganT 1 points 12 hours ago What you suggest, is how you get china’s air quality. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 12 hours ago Yes. And? permalink sleepinggiant 1 points 1 hour ago No they are not. This is the same dumb thinking as when they thought the internet was going to be all streaming and tv 2.0. but more profitable. AI semantic models are collapsing in size and compute. Also accuracy is frozen and most ai driven projects beyond a certain size are failing. They are also having a hard time solving hullicinations. As much as they thought ai was going to run the world its becoming clear that its not accurate or reliable enough to just run shit without being heavipy monitored. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 12 hours ago What the fuck is "globalism" that you are bitching about? permalink HoganT 6 points 12 hours ago Wow. Sinking even lower these days, huh. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -1 points 12 hours ago You want to install communism and use the term "fighting globalism" to call for it. permalink flabbergast 1 points 3 hours ago I hope that's true Water and Power are 2 things that should not be privatized . companies don't buy that stuff because they want to " help " the people its always for profit. permalink HoganT 1 points 12 hours ago Your naivety makes me feel like I’m going to vomit. permalink keep_america_great 11 points 13 hours ago I hate these dumb ass ragebait headlines with incorrect information. Blackstone is indeed a private equity company. Blackrock is an asset manager. They also OWN practically nothing, they are managing outside money on the behalf of the investors in those funds. Which includes things like 401k's, pension funds, etc. Blackrock is douchey for pushing ESG investing (which is against their fiduciary responsibility), but they have since backtracked on that. They are hardly the villains the tin foil morons make them out to be. permalink Vag2024 8 points 13 hours ago Obama loves the company Only because he misread it as "blackCock" permalink arthur_morgan 1 points 12 hours ago Ba-dump-bump CHING! :) permalink D-Dub 6 points 12 hours ago This dudes 401k is managed by blackrock, state street, and vanguard. permalink HuggableBear 1 points 3 hours ago So is yours permalink Train_w_no_brakes 5 points 13 hours ago How dare you be logical permalink arthur_morgan 3 points 12 hours ago I appreciate the information in your post. I was not aware that that is how it works. So, they make all their money on fees and profit shares, not hard assets? permalink keep_america_great 2 points 12 hours ago Yeah they make money on assets managed. Around 1% for actively managed funds, and small fractions of 1% (maybe 0.05%) for the passive funds which track indexes. The reason this is profitable is economies of scale, they manage around 12 trillion dollars in assets for their clients. They have legions of staff, paper pushers, etc to pay, as well as IT and brokerage costs in trading, servers, network lines, etc. Bottom line is around a 35% operating margin, which is great but not amazing. Nvidia in contrast is running at about 60% as they got the world by the balls for their chips. permalink War_Hamster 2 points 12 hours ago This is accurate, and I said something similar above. They vote the proxies of most companies in index funds for about 8% of the actual beneficial owners. This assumption of shareholder rights is being challenged from several directions. That said, Larry Fink most certainly is a globalist villain, he just doesn't have quite the power most assume, and certainly not the 85% cited above. permalink MythArcana 8 points 12 hours ago Trump wants BlackRock to buy the Panama Canal, so I don't know why this would be a challenge. Name your fate, because it's coming. permalink HKgoneWild 1 points 2 hours ago Name your fate? At the current rate it would appear that "my little armalite" will become co-opted with an American version. permalink trumpORbust 7 points 13 hours ago Should be community infrastructure managed by co-ops - same for roads, bridges, land lines, Internet, hospitals == public services are not for profit permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 12 hours ago Fuck no, this retarded bullshit is how we ended up here permalink HoganT 1 points 12 hours ago Congratulations, you’ve just stumbled into communism. permalink MADASHELLNEWS 6 points 10 hours ago Black rock needs to be broken up for racketeering and collusion they should not get any state pension funds. permalink queensjudyg 5 points 9 hours ago Larry Fink of BlackRock was just voted in as interim co-chair of the World Economic Forum, with Andre Hoffmann. permalink splink 5 points 13 hours ago Then they can turn it on and off whenever they want to. How convenient. permalink ShadowInv -1 points 13 hours ago We can turn it back on permalink Krampus5150 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah...it's not very hard honestly. permalink rapskull 4 points 12 hours ago Henry Ford figured out who was gypping him...and then he wrote a book about it. (H1B1s were hired and trained by B/R probably for reasons.) permalink Rock9Head 4 points 12 hours ago Electricity will rise 3X inflation for the next ten years. permalink PunishedOrange 2 points 12 hours ago already is due to ai data centers permalink grannylovestrump 4 points 13 hours ago why isn't President Trump and Elon and them stepping in? This will push middle class over the cliff permalink Willogic 1 points 12 hours ago They already got what they want from the middle class I guess permalink cbonez416 4 points 3 hours ago Build more power plants!! This solves the issues. We aren't producing enough energy!! Let make some 5 generation nuclear plants and cut this green garbage the hippies keep pushing onto us!! Enough of the stupid boomer thinking. It's all a Climate scheme. permalink sleepinggiant 1 points 1 hour ago If you havent noticed businesses no longer want to meet demand. They want higher profitability through artifical scarcity. This is why 4 banger shit boxes now cost 40k. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 3 points 13 hours ago I paid $2,600 last year in California. permalink DT170x 1 points 13 hours ago I paid $4,500 in Virginia. I freaking hate AEP. permalink cjcivicx -4 points 12 hours ago You live in a Commie shithole and instead of either taking down Commie leaders there with a couple hundred "friends" to affect change OR moving, you choose to put up with it, LMAO! Californian "patriots" are apparently just Stalinists instead of Maoists lol. Edit: Struck a nerve lol! permalink HKgoneWild 1 points 1 hour ago They're stuck in occupied territory. So what? Why should we keep backing down and ceding space to them? permalink FBIsurveillance 3 points 9 hours ago some things just should not be for-profit permalink schiff_for_brains 3 points 12 hours ago It's almost as if they are colluding together. permalink BarrysOFace 2 points 12 hours ago If we get rid of income tax there is no reason for 401ks and these fucksticks no longer can use other people's money to control shit..... permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 12 hours ago People would still be needing brokerage accounts without 401k's. permalink BarrysOFace 1 points 1 hour ago Maybe but i wouldn't be forced to use only the ones approved by the government. permalink DemocratMath 2 points 7 hours ago I'm just imagining having to watch an ad in order to turn on a lamp. permalink MagaChamp253 2 points 13 hours ago llm and/or "ai" processing cycles coupled with huge data storage centers are going to raise the power prices long before those two companies will. Water - and all of the uses for it - but especially its use for cooling - will be the 1 resource that the planet fights over. I had no clue until I happened across this YT vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-6la_I-xkQ permalink Atruckdriver 2 points 2 hours ago Water is the WEFs next target. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 12 hours ago Cooling water isn't remotely a concern, and no one is fighting over it. permalink ACActual 2 points 9 hours ago Been saying this for months. Worst part is Trump isn't stopping any of it. Project 2030 is on schedule permalink utfanx2 2 points 13 hours ago They're going to fuck it up then use the chaos to argue for state run, permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 2 points 12 hours ago ︎ AND likely buying off members of the different public service commission boards. ︎ permalink FBIsurveillance 2 points 9 hours ago maybe should have listened to that solar guy permalink learntocode 2 points 6 hours ago THEY GET THEIR COLLATERAL FROM US THEY GET THEIR MONEY FROM THE BANKS THE BANKS GET THEIR MONEY FROM THE FEDERAL RESERVE THE FEDERAL RESERVE PULLS MONEY OUT OF THEIR ASS Money Magic is a failed economic system, every single time. Going back to the ancient Greeks, the money magic never lasts and brings forth leaders who put thieves like bankers to death, right before the collapse into a dark age. permalink metal-slime 2 points 11 hours ago Can we break out that anti monopoly rule thing yet on this shit? permalink learntocode 2 points 6 hours ago DESTROY BLACKROCK IDGAF ABOUT YOUR MONEY MAGIC "OWNERSHIP". permalink PaleIsTheNewTanPS5 2 points 12 hours ago Why are they allowed to do all this shit? permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 12 hours ago Why are you allowed to take a shit without a government bureaucrat ensuring you have your papers in order? permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 12 hours ago Blackrock is a public equity firm, Blackstone is private equity, and PSEG is a publicly traded company. You fuckers are using "private equity" as a slur when you don't understand what it means. permalink mateus 1 points 13 hours ago They already have, but not because of Blackrock. permalink Mestroisfils 1 points 11 hours ago Shouldn't the PUC shit this down? permalink thevagabond 1 points 13 hours ago nationalize them like TVA. XD permalink AgnesDomini 1 points 7 hours ago This shit should NOT be allowed! permalink Bldg_2019 1 points 12 hours ago Hey, people that live in shit states, we don’t need to “get ready” for your bullshit that generations of your shit families voted for because they are retards. We’re good. Stay where you are. “Get ready” for more where YOU live, and do it quietly. permalink learntocode 1 points 6 hours ago Thanks to "deregulation", and the Federal Reserves ability to print money with a mouse click, you and I are drowning in huge asset bubbles and all the magic money only flows to those with collateral (i.e. our retirement bonds - we are bonded to provide money to this so-called retirement fund, really we are cows in the field coming in every morning to be milked). permalink Lower 1 points 9 hours ago You mean MORE than they already have? permalink RealTXPatriot 1 points 12 hours ago Haha they already do permalink Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 12 hours ago Time to leave the grid permalink EdgyUsernamexX69Xx 0 points 13 hours ago Then they aren’t public utilities anymore, they lose immunity, and we can sue the shit out of them whenever they fuck up (jk the courts suck Larry dick nonstop) permalink 920 Get ready for your electricity bills to skyrocket, both BlackRock and Blackstone have begun purchasing American electric utilities companies “Private equity firms BlackRock and Blackstone are both in the process of acquiring their first electric utility companies posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 103 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 15h Get ready for your electricity bills to skyrocket, both BlackRock and Blackstone have begun purchasing American electric utilities companies “Private equity firms BlackRock and Blackstone are both in the process of acquiring their first electric utility companies - BlackRock is