403 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 2 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 45 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 12h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor. 45 comments Caliban 39 points 1 hour ago I miss the good ole days when the cops would beat the shit out of all of them. permalink XlDEN 16 points 1 hour ago They need to go back to good old-fashioned Irish cops who busted heads. They didn’t put up with the bs back then. permalink charwoman 5 points 59 minutes ago Oak shampoos permalink vegaspatriot1776 -11 points 55 minutes ago So we should end freedom of speech in the USA? permalink Im_RickSteves_bitch 5 points 46 minutes ago The utter faggotry. permalink TheRPatriot 3 points 20 minutes ago The founding fathers didn’t have these mudslime shit-stains in mind running amuck permalink Trooph-Hurts 21 points 1 hour ago That woman is so ugly. She should be careful who she calls a pig…… Arab women are almost more disgusting than black women permalink x79q3pb 11 points 1 hour ago They suffer a similar predicament to latinas, either 9+ or less than 2 with very little in between. permalink Keiichi81 2 points 13 minutes ago The ones that are a 9+ invariably are Iranian and of Persian descent. The rest of the Arab world is so riddled with inbreeding that it starts to make sense why the men fuck goats. permalink TheironToaster 7 points 43 minutes ago Inbreeding permalink Shakakka99 4 points 44 minutes ago The chance that a spinning house falls from the sky and lands on top of you is low, but never zero. permalink Trumportellagain 1 points 16 minutes ago Inbreeding will do that. Most Muslim marriages are between first cousins. permalink MickHigan2 17 points 1 hour ago Who pushed for them to be here? Who was behind the Hart Cellar act that enabled this? The Assyrians and Persians would send their people into their conquered lands in order to divide / conquer. Multiculturalism was the weapon of choice by our enemies. permalink rapskull 1 points 15 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink South_Florida_Guy 14 points 1 hour ago Always with that hideous inbred face permalink WarEagleMAGA 5 points 1 hour ago True, Persian women can be quite beautiful. Arab women, not. permalink Trump454748 14 points 2 hours ago Generally, I’m against police violence, but in this case, I’ll make an exception. permalink vegaspatriot1776 3 points 54 minutes ago Police are ghey, and not your friends. Never call them, or talk to them. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 11 points 1 hour ago She shouldn't be allowed to just scream right in that cops face like that. He looked like it was either getting to him, making him rethink his position or like he wanted to reach out and shut her up, hopefully the latter. This reminds me of a video posted here recently where a muslim woman had assaulted some guy then pretended he was "islamaphobic" and was trying to kill her. When it was clear she was lying and they had to arrest her for the assault she started calling the cops islamaphobic and saying how they're supposed to serve muslims because they're so beneath them. Found it: https://patriots.win/p/19BtGZqjB9/x/c/4eVLPhh2Iam?d=50 permalink AndanteAndante 1 points 41 minutes ago Omg that was more crazy muzzie bitch! Those cops deserve a medal. permalink Another_ID 11 points 1 hour ago That screaming is painful. Arm these guys with sound horns to blast back in their faces. permalink davidac1982 7 points 1 hour ago Who knows why Mamdani is letting an inbred Joe Camel be his intern? permalink plasticglock 7 points 1 hour ago I bet he wanted to stone her to death in the street. And here we are stopping him... permalink mlp67 7 points 46 minutes ago The moustache and nose on that beast. They're mad all the time because they're so damn ugly. permalink JackOfAllTirades 6 points 47 minutes ago There shouldn't be any Muslim law enforcement officers. It's just on the job training for enforcement of Sharia Law. permalink Mamapedia 4 points 34 minutes ago This is the most important reaction to that video. It cannot be overstated. permalink Owmyballz 5 points 59 minutes ago And you see this Muslim Sergeant holding his head in shame. He'll turn around and shoot his own cops. Get him the fuck off the force. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 5 points 45 minutes ago Muslim NYPD officer wat? Bruh a muzzie is not handcuffing me. 🤣🤣 Gtfo. permalink twentytwentyfourr 4 points 1 hour ago where's her husband? permalink IAmRetard 4 points 57 minutes ago That Sargent saw it and stepped in. Somebody should have knocked her out permalink MeMargie 4 points 45 minutes ago A call for war on this soil 🎯 permalink Nat4Pat 3 points 39 minutes ago Do that in any Muslim country she's dead. The west is not for primitives. Make a white baby boom and take the country back. permalink MeatShield72 3 points 53 minutes ago It was this moment he realized Jesus Christ is the way, the truth and the light. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 3 points 41 minutes ago I thought transgenders weren't allowed in Islam. permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 16 minutes ago Tired of my tax money going to useless people. Fire them all and let the animals just run wild at this point. Put the stress on the American dumbass till he has enough and handles it himself. like take your crybaby shit back the the desert lands and pick up a rifle if you feel strong but get out of our lands u are not wanted and never were. permalink Smashley 1 points 16 minutes ago These people need a beat down. Make them scared to be in public. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 13 minutes ago Crusades II is coming. They won't like it. permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 1 hour ago "Put some piss on that name" permalink Free0fReddit 1 points 47 minutes ago He should've just pinched his nose. Hahah permalink yodayoda 1 points 5 minutes ago import the 3rd world, become the 3rd world. it's as simple as that. permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 22 minutes ago MAMDANIS CREW permalink DCPower 0 points 16 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink deleted -1 points 1 hour ago Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 hour ago You know he sent her right? permalink Seeker_17 1 points 1 hour ago You seem confused. Mamdani is a muzzie POS permalink ragnarokrobo 1 points 9 minutes ago So is that cop apparently. Probably go to the same mosque. permalink DILLIGAF_Bro 1 points 56 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink new_guy2 1 points 45 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 403 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 2 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 45 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 12h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor.