874 DC man thanks Trump for making the streets safe again. (youtube.com) posted 12 hours ago by CasuallyObservant 29 comments 29 comments Datamancer 43 points 12 hours ago by somebody that looks like ... me Fuck that has to hurt. You do not worry sir. They ain't you and you ain't them. permalink staroframphansbhole 22 points 11 hours ago Damn that's sad, even if I'm sick of the all of the black issues that guy shouldn't have to bear their burden either permalink CrustySockpuppet 12 points 10 hours ago It really isn’t a race thing, at the end of the day. It’s a spiritual thing. Good versus evil. Right and wrong , smart vs dumb etc. Duality is everywhere. The devil preys on the vulnerable in a multitude of ways. And many vulnerable people fall to the devil because they succumb to hatred, jealousy, envy, greed, you name it. All of the deadly sins that we have been warned about. Many people have been traumatized in one way or another, and that is the devil’s greatest tool: trauma/abuse/fear. Why do you think the cabal targets the innocent? They are ritualistically instilling fear and trauma onto the world Realistically, the only way to combat this is by turning to Jesus and praying. It’s the most powerful weapon that we have in this world. (Also taking action in any way that we can on the physical plane) I find myself becoming hateful sometimes, but we all need to remind ourselves that we don’t hate each other, but we do hate the evil that this world harbors and promotes. Some people are too far gone, sadly, but we should all recondition ourselves to pray for one another and the world more often permalink Elencher 5 points 11 hours ago Fair enough, but whites should not have to bear the burden of blacks so that he doesn’t have to bear the burden of blacks either. permalink tpactionchasethevote 5 points 11 hours ago The lefts says they only care about violent crime. Then, they say they don't care about violent crime as long as their fake numbers show a decline. So, what crime do they care about? permalink sixfingerdildo 12 points 12 hours ago Kinda reminds me of the anti littering crying Indian but in a sincere and self deprecating way permalink AR_MAGA 6 points 11 hours ago I can guarantee you sir, you don't look like a criminal for me. It's not the skin. The way you talk and dress, the body language. permalink Stlpoolguy 0 points 12 hours ago Yeah, it sucks for him. But he shoulda done more, been more involved for the last 20yrs. permalink NADSAQ 8 points 12 hours ago what do you want him to do? put on his black panther superhero suit and fight crime all night? permalink AR_MAGA 5 points 11 hours ago Exactly. What did we do against White liberal women? permalink JonathanE 2 points 4 hours ago We tried to ignore them, but they just went out and bought more cats. permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 5 points 11 hours ago You can’t tell from this video what he’s been doing for the last 20 years besides not getting shot for being a snitch or an Uncle Tom. If he has kids hopefully he was a good father to them and taught them not to subscribe to thug life but that’s not going to help the rest of the neighborhood. permalink Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago Black culture lifts up the worst of the worst and celebrates them for it. Other cultures try to beat the idiots into submission and do not give them attention. Black people that try to do the same are called the worse things possible and if they live in the communitah they and their families have a target on their back because black shitbags think they are also cop callers, informants and will do sneaky shit to the scumbags. Killing someone is no big deal to them. Hence catching a body. Not murdering a 6yo in a driveby when spraying the block up. Nope never giving a name or anything to it. Its just an object. I swear if trump reformed welfare it would do a shit ton for the black family unit. Work would tire them out not to be fucking around nonfucking stop. Be much more selective on who you have a kid with. Pookies and ray rays cant live off big momma and baby momma because no more sec 8 or ebt to live off of. Less of kicking the man out because daddy govt is their new man. permalink Mona1950 12 points 12 hours ago Heard a black lady say "I don't like the guy, but I like THIS". Way to go, my favorite President - you are truly changing the world. permalink Citizen_Bob 11 points 12 hours ago They are losing the black vote. permalink BidensPrisonWallet 6 points 11 hours ago EBT cutbacks will keep the Kweens on the Dem side. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 9 points 12 hours ago It's great that the residents feel safe in DC again. It must have been the same 465 criminals committing crimes daily because I can't imagine how things got so peaceful in such a short time. Maybe the criminals are hiding for now but I wouldn't say it's safe just yet. Still needs more time, like a year. permalink MagaJay02 9 points 12 hours ago Yup, they're just staying indoors currently. We need years of this for any lasting change. permalink Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago And ending welfare permalink CommieCucker 8 points 11 hours ago lol if you listen to NPR, homeless people are witnessing the Apocalypse permalink CasuallyObservant OP 7 points 12 hours ago Direct Link: https://youtube.com/shorts/K_J0Xn-2zns permalink stillbringingitback 7 points 11 hours ago They don’t look like you bro. They just share a shade. That’s it my man 👍 permalink iirc_life 6 points 11 hours ago "some one ... that looks like ... (wait for it) ... me" permalink SaltiTaralli 6 points 11 hours ago I hope Trump continues this and increases it even. I'd like to go to DC for the 250th Birthday of the USA. permalink StrongIsland 6 points 12 hours ago 😬 permalink Jnicolet4431 5 points 10 hours ago God bless President Trump. Best president in my lifetime. That includes Reagan permalink MemphisMontoya71 5 points 11 hours ago Stop sending our money to Ukraine, and make every capitol safe again. permalink knnbccb 2 points 11 hours ago Here's an idea: revoke DC's capital status, make it into a district of Virginia. permalink Redeemable 2 points 3 hours ago And never win an election in Virginia ever again. permalink okboomer59 1 points 37 minutes ago Akshually, what has turned VA blue is NoVA's status as a bedroom community for DC bureaucrats If DC were no longer the Federal capital, VA would revert back to R permalink 874 DC man thanks Trump for making the streets safe again. (youtube.com) posted 12 hours ago by CasuallyObservant 29 comments