438 Union Station is different posted 3 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 29 comments I Meme Therefore I Am 🇺🇸 @ImMeme0 • 13h DC woman raves about how much safer and cleaner Union Station has become after President Trump deployed the National Guard.🔥🔥🔥 “Thumbs up, Trump!” 29 comments Prof_Smith 31 points 2 hours ago Paid and bussed in protesters are the next problem that needs addressed. I suggest pepper spray to start. permalink Votingnerd 11 points 2 hours ago I suggest water canons be used 🤣 permalink South_Florida_Guy 4 points 2 hours ago Retrofitted into flamethrowers permalink Gotmygoose 2 points 2 hours ago We can use those to defend the border wall, making the newly painted black fences super hot. permalink Votingnerd 1 points 2 hours ago I like the cut of your jib! permalink PMSocks 4 points 1 hour ago Seize the buses. permalink StolenElectionsKill 2 points 35 minutes ago Ehh, I'd rather a safer space for the K-9s and water cannons, but having used Mace pepper gel to stop an attack on myself, I can heartily recommend it. Just don't want the dogs having to deal with it too. permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 26 minutes ago I just laugh at them. They're all middle aged karens now. permalink brainphreeze 18 points 2 hours ago When she starts describing the people "who are saying F Trump", lmao was actually pretty funny This is how you win, fuck the MSM and the agitators permalink _Sully_ 9 points 2 hours ago This reminded me. I took an Uber like 3 months ago with a younger adult black woman as a driver. And I swear she couldn't help but talk to me about shit. I guess I have that look now lol. The entire ride she gushed about Trump and how she was so sick of the status quo in Portland. She would ask me guarded questions and I would just answer straight and based as usual. It was hilarious because it made her giggle and relieved. The entire ride she was nodding her head and saying "Yeah, right?!" I said we've all been tormented for years and it's about time we say what's on our minds without fear of being attacked. It was super refreshing. permalink NotYourMan 2 points 10 minutes ago Without fear of the democrat tyrants taking you down by arresting you or getting you debanked or getting you fired. We found ourselves in a democrat tyranny without even realizing it. In that place, crime was growing and getting worse, drugs were worse, homelessness was worse. Why do democrats want crime and homelessness? That is easy, so they can blame capitalism and impose more and more socialism. People don't realize that the part of the democrat strategy for a single party country involves allowing crimes to happen. permalink billybaldwin2 8 points 2 hours ago Where were the protesters in 2021 when DC had National Guard there for 6 months and everything was fenced off? There were checkpoints too. permalink RationalThought 4 points 41 minutes ago It's (D)ifferent. permalink bangbus 6 points 2 hours ago When I lived in Chicago my secretary was an older black lady who lived on the west side, which as a neighborhood has got to be pound for pound as dangerous as anything in fucking Brazil. If you got her going she had a law and order streak that would have made Mao or Stalin blush. She wanted an absolute boot jammed up the ass of the 12-24 year olds who were the source of 99% of the crime. But if you asked her about politics, Obama was the greatest human being to ever live and it was unthinkable to vote anything other than D. Oh, and her second biggest political issue was abortion, adamantly opposed. I told her she was actually a conservative and it damned near melted her brain. The level of propaganda and conditioning that has been laid upon the people has been so immense that there is an existential battle for us to stop it. This video is obviously just one woman, but I find it highly encouraging. The Dems absolutely cannot allow Trump to try to quell crime in major cities because if he is successful they will lose the entire hoodrat voting bloc. Absolutely disgusting behavior from the “country over party” assholes. I hope the legacy DNC is broken into a million pieces. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 1 hour ago DOUBLETHINK -1984 Doublethink is a process of indoctrination in which subjects are expected to simultaneously accept two conflicting beliefs as truth, often at odds with their own memory or sense of reality. permalink NotYourMan 1 points 7 minutes ago Democrat sponsored crime is used to justify socialism. The goal is to let the crime happen, blame capitalism or billionaires and then simply take more property and create socialism. No joke here, why did Chicago city take over grocery stores? Because prices were too high and people could not afford food. Why were prices so high? Because of Joe Biden's inflation and lots of city wide regulations and private companies paying for private security. All of these are created by the government, by democrats on purpose. permalink Belleoffreedom OP 5 points 3 hours ago https://x.com/ImMeme0/status/1958308398987886684 permalink Mulletgunning 4 points 2 hours ago Good for them. Release the Epstein files from all Intel agencies and we will show you what happens libtard.MAGA AF permalink magaspif 3 points 39 minutes ago once the left loses the laqueefas it's all fucking over permalink hazelknut 3 points 1 hour ago fucking MSM will never let the country know this is how the residents feel cus orange man bad. permalink NotYourMan 1 points 6 minutes ago MSM is the enemy of the people, the mouthpiece of the democrat conquest of the US. permalink StolenElectionsKill 2 points 40 minutes ago It's been bad for so long, it's taking a while to recognize what good even looks like, for most people in urban shithole cities like DC. permalink FatBeagleMars 2 points 2 hours ago Enjoy the beauty of your city. God Bless. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 41 minutes ago hot darkness Shut. The. Fuck. Up. permalink DCPower 1 points 14 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink BattleOfSaratoga 1 points 2 hours ago Daughter of NOT TOOODAAY grown up? permalink YodaBannon 1 points 2 hours ago Hopefully it gets extended. permalink Silas4Trump1776 1 points 44 minutes ago 👍 permalink Dr_Eggman 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 438 Union Station is different posted 3 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 29 comments I Meme Therefore I Am 🇺🇸 @ImMeme0 • 13h DC woman raves about how much safer and cleaner Union Station has become after President Trump deployed the National Guard.🔥🔥🔥 “Thumbs up, Trump!”