192 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 3 hours ago by Drewniverse 25 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 23h BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.” 25 comments Deplorable556 23 points 2 hours ago 15 hours a week awww thats cute. i worked 15 hours on monday alone. im already at 42 hours for the week and its thursday morning. permalink Drewniverse OP 15 points 2 hours ago I just hit 38 because I'm about to get in the work truck and clocked in. Have a good day at work, pede. permalink UH60MAGA 4 points 44 minutes ago 20 for me, only because I took Monday off/used a personal business day due to car being in the shop. Mainly im doing about 48-50hrs during the week. permalink UncleSlayton 3 points 29 minutes ago IIRC it's only if they don't have full time employment anyway. Also, I hope you're self-employed or getting paid obscene money. No company is worth that much of your life, especially if you have kids. I've done 60 hour weeks before when I needed the money, it'll take its toll in other areas of your life. Working for yourself is a totally different animal lol. permalink SimplyRedPills 1 points 3 minutes ago For fucks sake why are people on the right so proud of bragging how big of a wage slave they are? Wasting your entire life working is not something to be proud of. Like congrats on getting taken advantage of I guess? permalink RealmanPwns 11 points 2 hours ago #FakeAndStaged. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 5 points 1 hour ago Maybe, but could still be the poster tiktok 'chile for welfare and its' original intention. permalink jonnyuno 1 points 1 hour ago True but I don't see it as fake. Staged yes. But she's on our side and she's just role playing but actually exposing truth with the subtlety to mock liberals. My opinion. permalink Flubadub 7 points 1 hour ago She has time and $$ to get tats tho permalink RealmanPwns 6 points 2 hours ago The maximum SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly known as EBT) benefit for a household of four (one adult with three children) in the 48 contiguous states and Washington, D.C., for the period of October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025, is $975 per month. This amount assumes the household has no net income after allowable deductions, as SNAP benefits are calculated by subtracting 30% of the household’s net income from the maximum allotment for their household size. permalink Drewniverse OP 1 points 2 hours ago Why are you spamming? permalink RealmanPwns 5 points 2 hours ago It's not spam. It disproves a claim made in the video. permalink tt777 3 points 2 hours ago $975 is a lot of food for 1 adult and 3 kids. permalink RealmanPwns 2 points 32 minutes ago Kids eat a ton. It also very much depends where you live, how high the prices are. permalink PatriotDescendant 1 points 12 minutes ago Per month? permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 3 points 30 minutes ago I could be wrong, but I think some states add to the federal amount. I think it is WIC or something? permalink AZTrumpette1776 1 points 5 minutes ago Thank you for this. I was preparing to post the maximum allotment as well because im fed up with these videos of people claiming to get thousands a month. I think its rage bait to get views and comments on their videos. I am all for the SNAP changes. The fraud is crazy and the fraud puts the entire SNAP program at risk of being shut down because states aren't going to be able to pay the % of Benefits required by HR1 based on an error rate over 6%. So let's reduce fraud by making it no longer easy to commit fraud, you want benefits, give back to your community permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 5 points 2 hours ago Seven years on the dole and she's so ungrateful that she can't contribute 15 measley hours a week back to the society that's paid for her to live such a pathetic, unproductive, and worthless way of life! She even has the audacity to make a public video to complain about it! In a functional society this would be a comedy skit. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 1 hour ago There is a whole industry with its own apps for faking community service. More lawyers doing law stuff which makes more money for lawyers and thieves. 99% of our "legal system" needs to be done by AI and 99% of the lawyers need to learn to... do something useful and productive as opposed to the self-serving and destructive BS it has been consumed with for a generation. permalink FuckU/Spez 3 points 1 hour ago $2000 mothafukin dollars a month? This bitch needs to be investigated ASAP! This has fraud written all over it. Not hard to get job at McDs either. Cut her welfare now! permalink hazelknut 2 points 1 hour ago when you realize there are millions upon millions of lazy shitstains around the country sucking at the govt. tit, it's easy to see why things have become so dark. permalink MeMargie 1 points 23 minutes ago Food stamps are unconditional, she must do 80 hours of hard labor a week repairing city side streets to repay the 7 years of food stamps 😎 permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 20 seconds ago First of all, 15 hours a week is about 2 hours a day. Secondly, you don't have a job at a time where there are more jobs to be had than in the oast 4 years. 3 you have tattoos all over your right arm, we all know tatoos are not a cheap investment. 4 if you are on foid stamps for 7 years, tells me, you have no plans to ever get off the grift. Cry me a river. permalink SaltyLandscaper 1 points 31 minutes ago I have to take time out of my day to work to make money to support myself and my family..oh the horror..oh the humanity. 😂 permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 1 points 7 minutes ago She can afford tattoos. She can pick up trash on the side of the road a couple of days a week. permalink 192 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 3 hours ago by Drewniverse 25 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 23h BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.”