767 CNN's Segment on Slavery Got Blown Up by a Lefty MAGA Supporter (townhall.com) posted 12 hours ago by Moebius 33 comments CNN's Segment on Slavery Got Blown Up by a Lefty MAGA Supporter CNN focuses on slavery while Trump addresses peace talks and media bias. townhall.com 33 comments hazelknut 46 points 11 hours ago "lefty maga supporter" does not compute. permalink America_No_1 13 points 11 hours ago Tim Poole? permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 2 hours ago Hey he's just a lil bity rascal skateboarder Flipping the bird at mall cops being a kind of watered down neo punk; a wild and carefree 40-something bald bennie wearing child, decorating his lair with mall ninja swords, pirate guns and skateboards. Fuk Dim Fool permalink AstroLonghorn 34 points 11 hours ago The black people on the panel are trying SO HARD to keep the grift alive because they found the white liberal weakness and they need to retain it as long as they can. I do love how that woman even though she touted mountains of evidence proving this is entirely the medias fault, the media will never accept that reality because it means their careers would be ruined. permalink OK_Parmaker 13 points 11 hours ago And any time a good point was being made they interrupted permalink Psarg 5 points 7 hours ago The media is ordered to act the way it does by the Wall Street funds that represent their shareholders. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 23 points 12 hours ago ︎ So much for BREAKING NEWS, slavery ended 160 YEARS AGO in the U.S. ︎ permalink DT170x 16 points 11 hours ago They traded slavery from the body into slavery of the mind. If they look deep into themselves they might break their shackles, but no they revel in modern slavery by the slave masters given them bread and circus shows. permalink cryogen 6 points 11 hours ago And it was instituted and passed on to us by THE BRITISH FUCKING EMPIRE Everyone's always complaining / pretending like it's a unique American legacy or whatever the fuck. NO. We are the ones who rebelled against the Slave Empire. permalink Wrexxis780 4 points 11 hours ago Cotton picking slaves ended years ago. There is still slavery in the US. A lot of sex slavery down closer to mexico permalink try4gain 10 points 12 hours ago that 2nd clip is great permalink RStroud 11 points 10 hours ago "Y'all are increasingly and unreasonably obsessed with race." "Are trying to say slavery didn't happen and racism doesn't exist?" Guys take notice this is a classic exchange for women with borderline personality disorder, they jump to extremes and absolutes because they were slightly challenged. You can't have a reasonable conversation with them because they are unreasonable and you're worse than satan because you disagreed with them in a way that caused internal dissonance. Don't take the character attack bait. Although they'll never admit it they know you've made a good point, now they want you to lose your cool so they can justify losing their cool. The argument, confrontation, and tantrum is what they want. You've already won, they're just super butthurt about it. You can't "win" anymore from this point but you can piss them the hell off. "I didn't say that at all, I said... .. do you concede that?" "You're jumping to unfounded conclusions, i said.. ...is that not true?" Every moment you don't get derailed you're just rubbing salt in the open wound they're desperately trying to get away from. For them, you can't just drop it there, they need the insane fight on how evil you are. They're likely to try to insist that you continue by growing personal attacks, even getting physical. It can be hilarious if you can not take it personal and follow the rabbit hole, though. permalink R3tro 9 points 11 hours ago Liberalism…. Denying data since the dawn of time permalink wethedownvoted 9 points 11 hours ago "We need to preserve the horrible and terrible moments in our history!!" -- also -- "Tear down the statues!!" permalink YesImWhite 8 points 11 hours ago lol history in America? Slavery lasted 90 years here. We wanted to outlaw it on inception of the nation but it didn't get done. My state was never part of a slave country. permalink ToxicAvengerOhio 7 points 11 hours ago CNN, doing the Devils work permalink RedPillosopher1776 6 points 11 hours ago What the fuck is a lefty MAGA supporter. Theyre correct in that slavery was Americas original sin, they never should have been brought to this country and when slavery ended they should have been removed. It is good that the media went full retard with the racism bullshit, we'd never have reached this level of publicly acknowledged fatigue without it, so for that I thank the media and the left from the bottom of my heart, they made this all possible. permalink Not_The_CIA 2 points 10 hours ago wouldnt Left MAGA just be traditional liberalism? permalink mullethawk 1 points 3 hours ago MAGA doesn't shy from using government pragmatically while a classical liberal would be more of an anarchist when it comes to government intervention. permalink knnbccb 6 points 11 hours ago Dear black folks and virtue-signalling white libtards: If you think slavery in America was bad... please look up on slavery in China back in the day. The entire Great Wall of China was built by slave labor. No Sunday offdays, no rest. You literally worked until you died, then you get buried at an unmarked mass grave. Those plantation massas of the deep south were saints compared to the Great Wall taskmasters. permalink Moebius OP 3 points 10 hours ago ...and those tales about all slave owners beating their slaves? Considering what a slave cost in those days, today's equivalent would be like taking a sledge hammer to your John Deere Tractor... permalink ColonelKlink 5 points 11 hours ago If they actually cared about enslaved people, they would try helping them. It happens all over the world. Third worlders come our country and do it here, too. permalink Moebius OP 4 points 11 hours ago Yup. Sharia Law allows slavery as does the Caste system in India. It's Socially acceptable despite their 'official laws' that are merely for show... permalink Fangerang 4 points 11 hours ago How anyone can stand listening to that dumb fuckin black bitch that is somehow the host of the show is just completely beyond me. I would lose my mind trying to talk to that thing for more than ten seconds. permalink Gunmolester 4 points 11 hours ago how many black people would wish slavery never happened in the USA (if they had one wish) knowing the genie would transport them to Africa ? I dont think too many would permalink Moebius OP 2 points 10 hours ago In that timeline, If slavery never existed, none of the blacks here would have ever been born. permalink CommieCucker 3 points 11 hours ago golems permalink JohnN 3 points 11 hours ago If the "legacy of slavery" and "institutional racism" excuses go away, they'll have no explanation for their perpetual failure. permalink AmericanJawa 2 points 8 hours ago Lefty MAGA Supporter Well there's a phrase you don't hear very often. permalink titsandwich 1 points 2 hours ago … a what? permalink tomthung 1 points 4 hours ago Slavery is not "America's original sin". Africans invented slavery 5000 years ago, that's not in dispute. White people stopped slavery. In Africa there are still 7-8million slaves. How many Atlantic crossings would it take to move 5million slaves to the new world, How many boats would be needed, do you think it was possible to make that many crossings in wooden sailing ships? permalink Constitution_1788 1 points 11 hours ago She’s good… permalink HKgoneWild 1 points 10 hours ago Curious... permalink wblboo 1 points 11 hours ago Did you all notice how she contorted "a waken ing" into a woken ing ! To try and rehabilitate the word woke , permalink 767 CNN's Segment on Slavery Got Blown Up by a Lefty MAGA Supporter (townhall.com) posted 12 hours ago by Moebius 33 comments CNN's Segment on Slavery Got Blown Up by a Lefty MAGA Supporter CNN focuses on slavery while Trump addresses peace talks and media bias. townhall.com