418 Censoring the Internet posted 2 hours ago by RBFace 79 comments Concerned Citizen @BGatesIsaPyscho • 2d “What’s coming that makes censoring the Internet this urgent?” “A major globally coordinated initiative doesn’t just pop up over night” Have you noticed Western Countries are working faster than ever before introducing legislative controls over the internet. Either something 79 comments ReleasetheList 30 points 2 hours ago Could be or could just be the fact that the people that seek power are often tyrants that should be the furthest from power because the reason they want it is to enact control over people, without really needing an excuse or reason to do so. permalink Calumet57 4 points 16 minutes ago For your safety permalink Im_RickSteves_bitch 3 points 13 minutes ago All those people were tyrants 30 years ago as well. There’s a reason they’re doing everything all at once right now. permalink Philhelm 1 points 7 minutes ago Part of it could be that media was historically used to control the narrative, and they finally realize that despite their best efforts the free flow of information on the Internet is a losing battle. permalink ReleasetheList 1 points 1 minute ago True but you've got to heat the pot up slowly or the frogs jump out. We have less freedoms and privacy today than 30 years ago and it's been a gradual process. permalink USDMaga 1 points 28 seconds ago Close enough answer... They have been control things completely since at least 1963 (could be earlier). Used to be I would point it out and people would ignore me. Now random people are telling me about it. They have lost. Thats it, their control of the people is completely over and they know it. This is their last attempt to regain control, but it will fail and cost people $billions in the process. permalink CJ74U2NV 1 points 22 minutes ago Net Neutrality v2.3 Everyone act scared. permalink bangbus 2 points 12 minutes ago I would act scared but as Reddit predicted, I died when Ajit Pai changed net neutrality several years ago. permalink westrock2000 24 points 1 hour ago America stopped being in control of the internet. The internet was born in America, because America was the only place citizens didn’t even consider that they couldn’t say any random shit anonymously. It never crossed their minds, unlike in every other country. permalink Calumet57 7 points 16 minutes ago Obama gave it away permalink EatingDarkness 1 points 1 hour ago Invented by an English man in fairness but yes born in America. It's time to find local like minded people... In a few years it will be impossible to distinguish truth from fiction. permalink Whoopies_tds 10 points 1 hour ago Uhhh nice try bigot, it was invented in Africa by Shaniqua Wafflehutcerf permalink Nibba2 5 points 37 minutes ago All computers are are white men copying drums. permalink vegaspatriot1776 3 points 58 minutes ago Shaniqua Wafflehutcerf I am fucking dying! Fucking amazing. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink BugsleyKAG 9 points 1 hour ago Al Gore invented the Internet. permalink anotherthing 3 points 1 hour ago The only Englishman involved was Daniel Davies, who was Welsh. Everyone else was American. permalink permissible_missile 2 points 1 hour ago Invented by an English man You mean the Web, right? Do you even know? You dudes know that it's okay to be quiet about things you are clueless about, correct? permalink Meister_Bockmist 5 points 1 hour ago Al Gore is English? permalink permissible_missile -5 points 1 hour ago Al Gore had nothing to do with the Web. He was instrumental in (believe it or not) deregulating the Internet. I repeat: not speaking is always an option. permalink view 3 more comments... EatingDarkness 1 points 39 minutes ago Yes I'm talking about the World Wide Web... Not TCP/IP... I stand corrected... Not afraid of that so thanks! permalink permissible_missile 0 points 38 minutes ago Pleasantly surprised by your reply! I'm always glad to share with people willing to learn. :) P.S. TCP is also not the Internet :P it is a reliable transmission protocol built on top of IP. permalink Nibba2 1 points 38 minutes ago Didn’t know Al Gore was English. permalink iamherefortheluls 0 points 20 minutes ago no. Every significant initiative is coming from US. No one would give a shit about the laws in UK and Australia if Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and Cloudflare weren't ready to enforce those laws. Those are all US companies. permalink bangbus 1 points 9 minutes ago The number of US companies who could shut down a country is insane. Imagine Microsoft telling the UK they’re done and shutting down all the servers that run the cloud in Britain. They’d be fucked six ways from Sunday. permalink iamherefortheluls 1 points 4 minutes ago the other side of that coin is that people underestimate how much banking flows through London. I don't think any major company today could make such a move, without spending several years moving their financial services out of Britain first. permalink permissible_missile -2 points 1 hour ago America stopped being in control of the internet. This narrative is laughed at by people who have a clue. You're referring to ICANN, right? Do you even know? Pop quiz: what does the "inter" in internet mean? Go ahead, this time farm out the need to think to an AI. permalink slander 1 points 23 minutes ago Interconnected networks. Your point? permalink EdgyUsernamexX69Xx 17 points 1 hour ago The internet is already heavily censored, idk where the rest of you have been permalink AllYouHaveIsYourself 3 points 20 minutes ago Right? When someone says "unalive" it makes me fucking cringe. permalink BoltCarrierGroup 2 points 12 minutes ago Makes me want to kill myself permalink 24601 1 points 1 minute ago It's still possible to connect to a random raw IP address. So, idk what you're talking about. permalink 181degrees 12 points 1 hour ago Start with censoring kids because fewer adults will complain. Once the ID technology is fully in place, they'll start rolling it out for adults under a different reason. permalink rebuildingMyself 3 points 11 minutes ago Exactly. All they need is an excuse. They tried it before with COVID "misinformation" which basically worked before Twitter got bought out and allowed speech once more. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 9 points 1 hour ago Ok got a vpn, check. Next step, get on decentralized..... huh? Is he talking about a tor browser? I think ultimately there's gonna be a "dark web" for average people who just want the internet to be like it used to. In many ways the internet was better in the early 2000's. permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 minutes ago Normies got online and ruined everything. Smartphones letting even more normies (mostly women) in sealed its fate. permalink Lowersidecustoms 9 points 1 hour ago Too much noticing going on. I don't think it's mere coincidence that the favorability of Israel has been tanking in recent months and more internet censorship is a priority. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 9 minutes ago Only reason the TikTok ban was a bipartisan initiative for a while. permalink TheImpossible1 -1 points 1 hour ago Except the censorship hasn't been of pro-Pallie retards, it's overwhelmingly been of anti-female, anti-natalist speech and behaviors. The elite need more kids to rape. permalink Lowersidecustoms 1 points 53 minutes ago They're just being deported to places without internet, basically censoring them. permalink TheImpossible1 0 points 24 minutes ago What are you talking about? permalink KeepingAmericaGreat 8 points 1 hour ago Inoculation against MAGA, they're concerned about its spread. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 8 minutes ago Agreed. More so what MAGA represents (nation first rather than sacrificing for globalism and diversity) permalink Antenna 6 points 1 hour ago Just as he gets to the part you really need to know it cuts off. permalink pterodactyl_balls 1 points 6 minutes ago The mullvad part is useful at least permalink UltraMAGAMilton 5 points 1 hour ago They just found their foot in the door with people accepting certain tyrannical regulations and privacy violations on the internet under the guise of protecting kids. I called this and was accused of want kids to see xxx videos. Tyranny always expands itself and now that you guys let the Vampire inside, its going g to have its way with you . .. permalink permissible_missile 1 points 32 minutes ago This is what's behind the "release the list" bamboozle btw. Starting to get it yet, fellow caterpillars? permalink TheImpossible1 -3 points 56 minutes ago Natalists are all pedos. Less porn means women can groom kids far easier. Don't believe me? Explain what Leila Micklewait was doing in Haiti. permalink MEME-SUPREME 5 points 1 hour ago The next level of AI is widely seen as Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), AI with human-like reasoning and problem-solving skills across diverse domains, followed by Artificial Superintelligence (ASI), which would surpass human intellect exponentially. Shorter-term advancements include multimodal AI, which processes various data types like images and text, and hyper-intelligent systems that integrate multiple AI forms and leverage advanced hardware like quantum computing. Longer-Term Concepts Artificial General Intelligence (AGI): . This is the conceptual goal of creating AI with the ability to understand, learn, and apply knowledge to a wide range of tasks, similar to a human being. Artificial Superintelligence (ASI): . The hypothetical level beyond AGI, where AI would become self-improving and significantly smarter than the most intelligent humans, leading to rapid technological advancement and problem-solving beyond human comprehension. Near-Term Advancements Multimodal Models: . These AI systems can process and understand multiple types of data, such as text, images, audio, and video, in a more integrated and human-like manner. Hyper-Intelligent Systems: . These systems are characterized by higher-order cognitive abilities, including reasoning, planning, and creativity. Quantum Computing & Neuromorphic Hardware: . Emerging technologies like quantum computing and neuromorphic hardware are expected to provide the computational power and efficiency needed for next-generation AI to solve previously unsolvable problems. Unsupervised & Reinforcement Learning: . AI is becoming more capable of learning without human-provided labels (unsupervised learning) and learning through trial and error (reinforcement learning). Integration of Existing AI Technologies: . The next phase will involve combining different AI forms, like generative AI, in a "One-AI" approach to create more comprehensive and complementary capabilities. permalink TakingAction 1 points 1 hour ago TLDR? permalink vegaspatriot1776 1 points 57 minutes ago Clunkers and oil guzzlers are much smarter than you! permalink permissible_missile -1 points 1 hour ago Tl;dr if you can't read that much text, AI is already smarter than you. Learn the intricacies of ditch digging. permalink HoganP 4 points 43 minutes ago People need to seriously wake up to this and stop falling for the ruse of it being about protecting kids. That's what parents are for. When governments say anything is to protect kids or women, they are almost always about to do a power grab with your rights and freedoms as the targets. permalink TheImpossible1 0 points 19 minutes ago Tradcucks will never learn, don't even try to reason with them. Remember when they made a deal with the radfems for no-fault divorce in exchange for an alliance to ban porn? It's the only thing they care about. President Trump promised on the campaign trail to oppose Project 2025 power grabs, but he hasn't. TX and FL are still speedrunning the WEF agenda. permalink TerrorAndSlaughter 3 points 16 minutes ago A big driver of the plandemic was their need to establish censorship infrastructure. The ability to take down "medical misinformation" is the exact same as the ability to censor "election misinformation". People who aren't regime approved "experts" in medicine poking holes in the retarded narratives aren't that important, but stealing an election and framing the opposition for an "insurrection" is. permalink magaspif 2 points 41 minutes ago it's too bad the internet has devolved the way it has regardless of this issue. it used to be cool, now it's gay permalink hughjasske69 2 points 1 hour ago Facebook now requires you to upload a photo of your ID and provide video selfies for verification before creating an account. permalink DCPower 2 points 17 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 15 minutes ago Because the Globalists have lost control of the Narrative. They almost had it until Musk bought X and they couldn't coordinate censorship as effectively anymore. So now you have Trump as president despite the entire Machine (govt, media, etc) being turned against him and his supporters. You have Brits pushing back against their own replacement. You have right leaning leaders getting elected on common sense platforms. We've been through Empire Strikes Back (Trump lawfare, etc) so welcome to Return of the Jedi. It's now or never. permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 34 minutes ago These old demons are making the internet gay i think gen alpha wont even want to be on the internet because they made it a prison. They did all this in china 20 years ago the chinese been on vpns for 15 years minimum because their state enslaved them with this shit and has them under a social credit score system like they plan on the west all becoming slaves a well. There is no countries there are only rulers in the shadows calling the shots thru their puppet installed in each countries prime ministers / presidents its all fake, gay and coordinated the club of rome, bilderberg / WEF they have their hand up all the worlds leaders and its all the same call like Covid-19 lockdown. permalink Drcm 2 points 34 minutes ago people were heightened to a razor edge under the covid hysteria, and rejected a lot of the global push of this bullshit. no that trump is in power a lot of people were lulled into relaxing,"we won". so now is the best time to sneak in more authoritarian control so that the next "covid" can actually be pulled off. permalink iamimaginos 2 points 45 minutes ago The Antichrist permalink Repentnow 1 points 49 seconds ago Who? permalink MathletesFoot 1 points 1 hour ago The worrying thing is that even countries like Russia are in on it. permalink redredwine 1 points 1 hour ago Plot-twist - we all already know it was a hoax. permalink doodaddy 1 points 10 minutes ago I hadn't noticed "the push" but it makes sense. As media morphs, the propagandists who understand the importance of controlling your tongue must control the new media: print, radio, movies, tv, and now internet. Obvious with facebook. It was close with twitter. permalink shialecuck007 1 points 8 minutes ago IF they cannot control the USA then they will control the Internet and when they get power back the USA will be strangled permalink LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 52 minutes ago They weren't happy with the pushback that happened during Covaids. It's harded to cull the tax cattle herd when there's pushback. permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 52 minutes ago It's too late. I'm already against anything they're promoting. Censoring the internet isn't going to change my mind. permalink JayKay1776 1 points 27 minutes ago Because damning evidence is about to come out on not only Americans politicians but politicians and global leaders all around the world. They can't stop it so they have to try and censor it.NCSWC permalink Lochnessmonster1 1 points 48 minutes ago Good for me that youtube already bans all videos of interest to me anyhow. permalink elc0 1 points 48 minutes ago What's coming? Could just be what's already happened. They lost control of the narrative and are desperate to regain that ability. permalink Former_RM2 1 points 24 minutes ago I remember back in the 90s when you had Hillary and other dems lamenting the fact that talk radio was a thing. They were talking about putting restrictions on radio stations about what could be aired in regards to talk radio. They didn't like the fact that the only successful talk radio programs were either sports talk, or conservative talk. They felt that talk radio was giving the GOP an unfair advantage, and they wanted to nix it. The current censorship fight is the same thing. The authoritarians are noticing that the people who want liberty are organizing, recruiting, and conversing on the internet. They see that the liberty movement is fomented on the internet. They understand that the internet gives these people the ability to get strong enough to challenge them. They need to tamp that down. The biggest threat to the WEF globohomos is the internet. It's that simple. That's why censorship will always be a topic of conversation in every society from the dawn of mankind until the heat death of the Earth. permalink catsfive 1 points 23 minutes ago The Internet will be shut down and we'll all be using Starlinks for free for a bit permalink josiborg 1 points 3 minutes ago Thanks W permalink TheImpossible1 -1 points 1 hour ago More Babies, Less Gaming Emmanuel Macron, Davos 2024. "we're in a birth rate crisis" Elon Musk, 2025 "If we ban adult content, we can raise the birth rate Project 2025 leader, Russell Vought, on hot mic. We can use...CBDCs to restrict unwanted behaviors, like viewing adult content or buying weapons Unnamed WEF member, Davos 2024. The natalist vermin need more kids...but why? permalink 418 Censoring the Internet posted 2 hours ago by RBFace 79 comments Concerned Citizen @BGatesIsaPyscho • 2d “What’s coming that makes censoring the Internet this urgent?” “A major globally coordinated initiative doesn’t just pop up over night” Have you noticed Western Countries are working faster than ever before introducing legislative controls over the internet. Either something