647 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 3 hours ago by FreeFire 42 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com 42 comments asdrubael_was_right 34 points 3 hours ago Holy cats this guy better not eat lunch in any DC parks. permalink whataboob 19 points 2 hours ago TLDR: the 14th amendment exempts diplomats. The judge ruled according to the 14th. The article sounds like bs. ———————— What’s everyone talking about? I don’t know what that article says but if he ruled that “children of foreign diplomats are not automatically citizens,” then he ruled according to the 14th amendment . The 14th amendment specifically exempts foreign dignitaries, like diplomats. It’s right there, in the text: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States … And SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION THEREOF — diplomats are NOT subject to US jurisdiction and laws, that’s why they can literally kill someone and they can’t be charged with murder, because again, they are not subject to our jurisdiction and laws. That’s what a diplomat is, in case someone didn’t know. Their children, are likewise, NOT subject to our jurisdiction and our laws and can always literally “get away with murder” (but not really “murder” because “murder” is a legal finding in the course of due process that a person killed someone for no good reason, a good reason being for example, self defense — so if they were not found to have murdered someone, then they didn’t murder anyone, though they may have killed someone). permalink War_Hamster 20 points 2 hours ago It was the Wong Kim Ark case of 1898 that established that children of foreign diplomats were not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" when it came to birthright citizenship. It was not until the Vienna Convention of Diplomatic Relations until 1961 that "diplomatic immunity" was established. The two issues often get convoluted because "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" is misinterpreted. If the US were to hold a draft, neither the child of a foreign diplomat nor the child of an illegal alien would be subject to the draft. Therefore neither is subject to the full jurisdiction of the US. In other words, birthright citizenship should be overturned. permalink Gotmygoose 12 points 2 hours ago Here's a more recent case: Hoda Muthana is a U.S.-born woman who left Alabama in 2014 to join ISIS in Syria at age 20. She was recruited to join to the Islamic State. Though born in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1994, her father was a Yemeni diplomat at the time, which disqualified her from birthright citizenship under U.S. law. She married three jihadist fighters, was widowed twice, and had a son while living in ISIS-controlled territory. She posted extremist content, including calls for violence, though later claimed she was manipulated and regretted her actions. In 2019, a federal judge ruled she was not a U.S. citizen. The Supreme Court declined to hear her appeal in 2022. She remains in a refugee camp in Syria, expressing a desire to return to the U.S. and face legal consequences permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 18 minutes ago Typical woman moment. permalink Liberty49220 4 points 1 hour ago The plaintiff in that case was sympathetic. As I recall, Kim's parents were Chinese but living in the United States legally when Kim was born. Kim was denied reentery after visiting his relatives in China during a wave of anti-Chinese bias. The old maxim is true, hard cases make bad law. permalink 24601 1 points 5 minutes ago I really like using the draft as an argument. Hopefully that subject is addressed in the opinions from SCOTUS. I would love to read the hocus-pocus counter argument bypassing the draft example. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 2 hours ago See also: lethal weapon 2 permalink AndanteAndante 1 points 36 minutes ago Aren’t illegals Subject to the Jurisdiction of the U.S. since they have to obey our laws? permalink mundania 0 points 30 minutes ago Yes. So unless and until the Constitution is amended their children born here are citizens. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 15 minutes ago Aren’t illegals Subject to the Jurisdiction of the U.S. since they have to obey our laws? Aren't Americans subject to other countries' laws whilst in their borders? If they act up, aren't they deported? u/AndanteAndante , learn to think. As for u/mundania Enjoy your downvote. permalink AndanteAndante 1 points 25 minutes ago Well THAT sucks. permalink Fecklessgod 1 points 56 minutes ago Sounds like a bs article. It only matters of a ruling clearly bars anchor babies from citizenship. permalink Trooph-Hurts 11 points 3 hours ago What a setup! Diplomats children not citizens, I love it…. permalink BewareOfThePug 16 points 3 hours ago Trump classifies all non citizens to be diplomats for their home country. permalink Trooph-Hurts 8 points 3 hours ago Interesting thought! Don’t diplomats have immunity? But if they are diplomats and here illegally wouldn’t that also make them spies? permalink GorillaTactics 1 points 35 minutes ago They may have immunity, but they can also be expelled unilaterally permalink mundania 1 points 29 minutes ago Diplomatic status has to be requested by the sending country. permalink whataboob -4 points 2 hours ago F facepalm. That’s what the 14th already says, holy f this site All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States Diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws so their children do not automatically become citizens. But you won’t win that argument in court on regular illegals, because they ARE subject to our laws by having crossed the border. permalink RationalThought 3 points 49 minutes ago Illegals might get full rights but they are not subjects and neither are their brood. permalink Kraken_V_Algorithm 2 points 29 minutes ago It doesn't say "and laws". You're just making shit up now. The whole reason for diplomatic immunity is to prevent dignitaries, particularly between countries that may be at conflict, from being charged with war crimes or otherwise harassed with charges (i.e. traffic stops) while visiting to perform their duties. If they do commit a crime that the host country wishes to prosecute, it's possible to get a waiver of their immunity if diplomat's home country agrees. Let's say the wife gives birth in the U.S. while the trial is in process. Do you think that child suddenly gets citizenship solely because the father is being prosecuted for a crime? Ridiculous! permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 10 points 3 hours ago He must have just accidentally checked the wrong box when he was filling out the paper! /s permalink whataboob 6 points 2 hours ago He did his job. That’s what the 14th says, diplomats are exempt, nothing new except another fake news bs article All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States… For the record, if you didn’t know, foreign diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 2 hours ago Yes I'm aware of that, the article even quotes that argument: In 2018, the government reviewed its records and found that Moncada’s father served as an attaché, not a consul, when Moncada was born. Unlike a consul, an attaché and his family possess full diplomatic immunity. So, the government now asserted, Moncada was not born “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States. Therefore, he was not a birthright citizen. The joke was that most dems would either reject that or simply not understand it. /s is meant to signal that the previous statement was simply sarcasm, aka a joke. permalink Klown_Kutz 9 points 3 hours ago This is going to be an even bigger case for our nation than Dobbs when it finally reaches SCOTUS. It's going to come down to Barrett and Roberts. A woman and a Bush Neocon. permalink jughaid 9 points 3 hours ago This is a very narrow case, but at least they acknowledged "and subject to the jurisdiction thereof"... The interpretation of those 6 words will be the bigger battle in the near future. permalink Drewniverse 3 points 2 hours ago I like this interpretation of it as well. One of the few underlying judicial foundations that we have. permalink whataboob 0 points 2 hours ago That interpretation says that “anchor babies” are indeed American citizens, if someone didn’t pick up on that. permalink pizz11 1 points 2 hours ago Anchor babies perhaps, but illegals not. Also, if it's accepted that anchor babies are citizens laws can be created to prevent them eg include pregnancy on medical reports submitted for visas permalink CyanScales 1 points 46 minutes ago The children of lawful residents. Not the children of border jumpers. permalink FreeFire OP 3 points 3 hours ago https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/08/biden-appointed-judge-shockingly-rules-against-birthright-citizenship/ permalink Moebius 2 points 41 minutes ago BFD: That was clearly decided in the 19th Century. permalink djpat 2 points 39 minutes ago This is a bad ruling, very bad. It basically says that depending on diplomat pay grade one might be considered subject to our jurisdiction despite being a foreign citizen. Basically its a legal defense of anchor babies on paper now. permalink PatriotGames 2 points 2 hours ago That is not a shocking ruling. permalink orange_popcicle 2 points 3 hours ago Actual news, from Gateway Pundit?! That's nearly just as shocking, imo. permalink whataboob 2 points 2 hours ago It’s not news. The 14th already exempts diplomats. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States… permalink MrGrayson 1 points 3 hours ago You got that right. 99% of the stories on there are not news, they are just stories! permalink America_No_1 1 points 2 hours ago He was only loyal until the last USAID payment stopped permalink Petiteputnam1 1 points 2 hours ago We'll take the wins we're we can get them let's see what the supreme court says though permalink iamimaginos 1 points 45 minutes ago Precedent! permalink Lol_Garrus 1 points 2 hours ago Wow, this will really address all the diplomats having kids in our country! /s permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 3 hours ago Jim Hoft is a pedo permalink 647 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 3 hours ago by FreeFire 42 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com