819 “LET TRUMP TAKE OVER!” Inner City D.C. Residents Say CRIME IS BAD! “I Got Shot Four Times!” (VIDEO) (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 23 comments "LET TRUMP TAKE OVER!" Inner City D.C. Residents Say CRIME IS BAD! "I Got Shot Four Times!" (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Ca... Contrary to the narrative being fed to the public by the wacky liberal elite, real residents in the inner city of Washington D.C. www.thegatewaypundit.com 23 comments Train_w_no_brakes 21 points 13 hours ago Million bucks says she will never vote for a Republican permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 20 points 13 hours ago most people don't vote permalink lovemylibs 5 points 12 hours ago Fewer than most but almost most. permalink DT170x 15 points 13 hours ago Or she voted republican and her vote magically went to the democrats. permalink Here_we_go 8 points 12 hours ago People still concentrating on mail in ballots ignoring the jupiter size elephant in the room. No not nadler - dominion. A few clickity clacks and I just adjudicated 500000 votes. Dems win midterms! permalink 2020Gop 1 points 12 hours ago Twice... permalink JoeMcCarthyWasRight 8 points 12 hours ago Just post the clip, I hate going over to that sloppy website. permalink CandyBarr 1 points 2 hours ago Gp is the sloppiest We need to enforce post video or gtfo permalink GarbageManCan47 5 points 11 hours ago They're so ugly. permalink Captain92 4 points 12 hours ago So blacks are more pissed about gang crime than whites. Watch white leftists go insane and tell the blacks that they coddle that they are white supremacist nazi sympathizers and uncle tom republican maga bitches for wanting their streets cleaned up. Once again, the leftists will prove their ideology is a hypocritical farce as they destroy each other like a two headed creature that hates itself. permalink Here_we_go 3 points 12 hours ago Blacks must remove white that are protesting against getting rid of the crime in black neighborhoods. Until then.... permalink tpactionchasethevote 4 points 12 hours ago The lefts says they only care about violent crime. Then, they say they don't care about violent crime as long as their fake numbers show a decline. So, what crime do they care about? permalink Ferzth 3 points 12 hours ago Probably when it happens to them . . . permalink Here_we_go 1 points 12 hours ago They care most about unreported crime. It must stay that way for them. Gives them the most power. permalink DefinitelyNotFed 3 points 11 hours ago Shot* four times? When is the rap album coming out? permalink sola_scriptura 3 points 13 hours ago Joggers gonna jog Sluggers gonna slug Nigs gonna nog permalink sixfingerdildo 1 points 12 hours ago Why are there so many slaves in dc? Don't they know they're free? permalink throttlejohnson 1 points 10 hours ago shot 4 times...in the face? permalink RedAltoids 1 points 1 hour ago Shot four times in the morning Shot four times at night Shot four times before I'm shot four times I don't feel alright permalink mergetrader 1 points 1 hour ago Bro checked her out when the reporter in pink said she boxed before. permalink HazelHen 1 points 10 hours ago What a beautiful, soft complexion she has… like something from the Smithsonian permalink KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink 819 “LET TRUMP TAKE OVER!” Inner City D.C. Residents Say CRIME IS BAD! “I Got Shot Four Times!” (VIDEO) (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 23 comments "LET TRUMP TAKE OVER!" Inner City D.C. Residents Say CRIME IS BAD! "I Got Shot Four Times!" (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pundit | by Ca... Contrary to the narrative being fed to the public by the wacky liberal elite, real residents in the inner city of Washington D.C. www.thegatewaypundit.com