462 The kids are alright posted 2 hours ago by HoganP 53 comments 53 comments Choomguy 60 points 2 hours ago Quit groomer! permalink STONKATRUCK 18 points 44 minutes ago It's a good thing they made it so mainstream now kids have sensible things to rebel against. Fuck you mom and dad I'm starting a business and dressing moderately! permalink Wrexxis780 10 points 34 minutes ago “Fuck you mom and dad I’m staying celibate until marriage to the opposite sex!!!” permalink catsfive 5 points 1 hour ago Cope! permalink NotYourMan 2 points 18 minutes ago Exactly! I don't know if this post is real but it doesn't matter. It allows us to reflect on the Obama and Biden administration that allowed sexual perverts to flourish in elementary schools under the mind virus "transgender," under the liberal fascist ideas of "trans-kids" which is not science but nothing more than brain washing to sterilize children. permalink vegaspatriot1776 2 points 52 minutes ago Easy with the anti-semitism, bigot! permalink South_Florida_Guy 34 points 2 hours ago That gsa thing she mentioned is the "gay straight alliance" club that's like an official club across the country embedded in so many schools, yes, an actual official grooming club akin to nambla and it's in schools permalink charwoman 13 points 1 hour ago That's how the GSA started in my kid's high school...Gay Straight Alliance. By the time they were Juniors it had morphed into the Gay Students Association. Talk about mission creep...or denouement permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 3 minutes ago Gay straight alliance. I assume it's to prop up gays and give them more privileges (at least the public intent but more so what you're saying is the real one) permalink Bullet3250 25 points 2 hours ago She really should quit. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 5 points 34 minutes ago If she can't use her platform to talk about her sexual fetishes to kids instead of teaching them something useful, it's just not worth it. These freaks should quit. Let's take back the education system. Run these commie degenerates out by firings and self deportation. permalink Bullet3250 1 points 17 minutes ago Home schooling via churches is not getting enough traction. permalink 2scoops2peachmints 2 points 26 minutes ago Should have been fired for the pride flag on gov property and in a public school. permalink Boonedocksbear 1 points 9 minutes ago This flaggot could easily be a soylent boy. permalink Modernturnkey 14 points 1 hour ago "I NEED EVERYONE TO KNOW WHO I HAVE SEX WITH" permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 21 minutes ago Good morning lovelies, today instead of learning about compound interest or the founding of the nation we're going to learn how to crossdress! permalink suitwo_wtr 14 points 1 hour ago Good, bully the groomers out of school. They show more loyalty to that than the US flag and constitution, both of which they made it their mission to remove. They should be nowhere near children. permalink Bldg_2019 12 points 1 hour ago Might I suggest a little Canadian health care? You know, just a consultation to see the options. permalink eddieblasphemy 11 points 1 hour ago safe space stickers work just like gun free zone sigs. permalink Caliban 9 points 1 hour ago Thanks, i needed a 'feel-good' story this morning. permalink DingleBalls 8 points 2 hours ago No safe spaces. Anywhere. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 7 points 1 hour ago Quit and then join the 43% club permalink XlDEN 7 points 1 hour ago I can only imagine how Reddit responded. permalink DickTick PRO 6 points 1 hour ago Fuck yeah kids! Stand up for yourselves and each other!!! Fuck this Marxist shit!! permalink XlDEN 1 points 21 minutes ago What a shift. It wasn’t that long ago that such a complaint might have gotten a kid suspended. permalink jughaid 6 points 1 hour ago So she's going to quit? So promoting lgb was that the only reason she got into teaching? permalink Beer-_-Belly 5 points 1 hour ago She should quit. We need teachers not indoctrination specialists. permalink hazelknut 4 points 1 hour ago it's amazing what the little tykes will say when they no longer fear retribution from groomers. permalink HoganP OP 4 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/reddit_lies/status/1958301883367338376 Now I'll have that song stuck in my head all day, but this is cool. permalink JackOfAllTirades 3 points 52 minutes ago The reclamation of our children is underway. permalink Roadpower 1 points 13 minutes ago Our society* permalink JayKay1776 3 points 26 minutes ago Who knew a bunch of kids don't want weirdos talking to him about sex. It's almost like that's not fucking normal. Parents need to start beating the fuck out of these people. permalink StolenElectionsKill 3 points 44 minutes ago A hard-left. TDS-infected special needs teacher I am acquainted with, only 4 years from full pension retirement, resigned after Trump was elected in 2024. She told me she 'never wanted her signature on pages involving students again.' Make what you will of that statement, and I KNOW that's not the whole story, but that's what she said to me in a crowd of people... I assume she knows I am MAGA too, most people do. permalink 24601 1 points 11 minutes ago The special education dept quickly became the sexual grooming department since around 2015. Any parent of a special needs kid who wasn't watching very carefully was in danger of suddenly having a transgender freak show of a kid. Hopefully that changes quickly and permanently. permalink Antenna 2 points 1 hour ago I shudder to ask: what is a GSA advisor? permalink WarEagleMAGA 3 points 1 hour ago Grooming Service of America permalink ParticleCannon 1 points 19 minutes ago Gay sex advocacy permalink MagaJay02 2 points 37 minutes ago "I can't promote gay sex or safe spaces to kids, how am I supposed to be a teacher under these conditions!?!?". permalink ganachain 2 points 34 minutes ago Make calling other kids gay and retarded great again! permalink IAmRetard 2 points 57 minutes ago Quit Learn to code permalink HunterBidensPC 2 points 32 minutes ago It’s literally a flag for people who like dick that’s all it represents. Shouldn’t be in the classroom permalink FatigueIsReal 2 points 28 minutes ago Please quit. That's the idea. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 24 seconds ago Congratulations leftards. You became the Establishment that the young kids rebel against. You flew too close to the woke sun and now you're the stuck up "adults" cartoons make fun of. For years kids had to sit there and vote through tongue as you oarttle on about being a victim (despite any pushback being labeled as hate speech or getting you on FBI watch lists meant for terrorists). Welcome back to the "hip to be square" era permalink grantking2256 1 points 2 seconds ago Quit then, faggot. permalink TimoSalami 1 points 1 hour ago I hope the L’s and the G’s understand this is the fault of the B’s T’s Q’s and +’s permalink DCPower 1 points 16 minutes ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink MagaChick101 1 points 13 minutes ago Good quit please stop polluting our children's minds with that woke garbage! permalink Lowersidecustoms 1 points 58 minutes ago "My tiny pride flag" It just wanted to break the rules a little. permalink SuperUser 1 points 53 minutes ago OR.. hear me out... Teach them math instead. Globohomo pawn cunt permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 3 minutes ago What kind of sorcery are you teaching!!! permalink RyanKeyOh 1 points 50 minutes ago FAFO permalink Michigan 1 points 49 minutes ago Yes, quit. permalink sir_rockness 1 points 24 minutes ago Just go ahead and quit permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 4 minutes ago Honestly I bet these clowns are happy to feel like oppressed victims once more. They also enjoy being petty tyrants but even then they had to mentally twist it into being a victim. permalink KekistanPM 1 points 2 minutes ago Safe Space stickers I worked so hard to get teachers around the school to adopt Why don't you work hard as a teacher instead? permalink 462 The kids are alright posted 2 hours ago by HoganP 53 comments