1686 So the Fed refuses to lower rates for us but they’ll commit mortgage fraud to get lower rates for themselves posted 15 hours ago by A1EM 63 comments 63 comments 12345SIX 60 points 15 hours ago they will if you let them permalink Here_we_go 33 points 15 hours ago We let them. permalink WhitePowerRanger 9 points 13 hours ago No I let them -Spartacus; modern day permalink roadrunner0 5 points 13 hours ago No, the politically controlled FBI and legal system lets them.. permalink Vag2024 2 points 11 hours ago Reminder: it's only illegal if poor people do it permalink Meddlesom 4 points 12 hours ago Shartacus permalink Deplorable556 2 points 10 hours ago shartakiss permalink roadrunner0 4 points 13 hours ago The FBI needs to investigate every politician and their family-friend circle for excessive loan activity.. My guess is that a large number have the same track record as Jo and his family.. permalink CLF3 8 points 12 hours ago The FBI does investigate every politician. That's how they get them to vote how they want. permalink roadrunner0 4 points 12 hours ago Is that you J Edgar?? permalink DieHeretic 4 points 12 hours ago always has been permalink barwhack 26 points 15 hours ago And no one is arrested or fired for it. Letitia non-FED is also still official, even. So No Consequence (D) is not a limited phenom. permalink Tmntnyc 6 points 12 hours ago You can't accuse someone of an alleged crime and expect they will be automatically arrested, we aren't North Korea. If you read the article, Trump housing regulator Pulte alleged/accused her of fraud and demanded she resign. There had been no evidence submitted to a judge and therefore no arrest warrant. permalink covok48 7 points 11 hours ago laughs in Jan 6th permalink barwhack 4 points 12 hours ago You can't accuse someone of an alleged crime and expect they will be automatically arrested, we aren't North Korea. If you read the article, Trump housing regulator Pulte alleged/accused her of fraud and demanded she resign. There had been no evidence submitted to a judge and therefore no arrest warrant. -- Donatello I am a mere physician aggregating data , a mere Christian proclaiming shoulds , and a mere engineer decrying illogic . Perhaps my mere humanity was overly impatient, so to opine. I accept your lawyering, O TurtlesqueWire. permalink Bullet3250 1 points 22 minutes ago Here is the evidence. Signatures included. https://www.zerohedge.com/political/trump-demands-fed-governor-must-resign-now-over-mortgage-fraud-probe permalink InfinitesimalOrange 19 points 15 hours ago ♫ Rules for thee and not for me ♪ permalink DeportThemAllForever 2 points 13 hours ago Government tells me about merit system but still has policies that benefit black, gay, veteran, female… any non white male category or veteran. Totally full of shit. permalink Formerlurker92 13 points 14 hours ago Can we start the hangings yet permalink BidenShowerDrool 11 points 14 hours ago i just checked, and i was told 2 more weeks permalink UncleTrumpsBand 4 points 14 hours ago Sauce!? permalink donteatthat 1 points 13 hours ago History permalink HKgoneWild 1 points 8 hours ago The kraken told me after it escaped from Sydney Powell. permalink Tmntnyc -1 points 12 hours ago Didn't know you can hang someone in America over an accusation of an alleged crime without evidence or even an investigation. permalink Choppermagic 11 points 14 hours ago then arrest them. Sick of no one getting arrested. Arrest the board members one by one until they realize they can no longer destroy lives without consequence. permalink Tmntnyc 3 points 12 hours ago Because there is no material evidence of Mortgage fraud. You can't arrest someone on an accusation of an alleged crime. Trump housing regulator Pulte alleged/accused her of fraud and demanded she resign. There had been no evidence yet submitted nor is there any current investigation over whether these allegations are true. You need evidence to arrest someone for a suspected crime.... permalink Choppermagic 4 points 9 hours ago im pretty sure they arrested Trump with no evidence of actual crimes. permalink The_Emperor -1 points 8 hours ago We're better than demonrats permalink justicein2020 1 points 6 hours ago ineffectual and useless. that's not 'better'. And that's how we got HERE. Keep doing the same thing even tho it DOES NOT WORK? you might be insane. permalink covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Mortgage fraud is easy to prove. You, in fact, have to sign an occupancy affidavit for your primary residence. You also can’t get points shaved off your rate arbitrarily and you have to justify it in the loan comments. I would love to see these loan files. permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 8 points 15 hours ago and get away with it permalink Saxonlady 8 points 15 hours ago Typical do as I say not as I do eh! permalink HuntersCrackDealer69 7 points 15 hours ago The Fed is the finally boss. End the Fed! permalink 45ichooseu 6 points 15 hours ago It's a club and you ain't in it. permalink ebuy123 5 points 15 hours ago diversity permalink FirstOfHisName 3 points 14 hours ago CHIRP permalink UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 14 hours ago N permalink DieHeretic 1 points 12 hours ago People Who Annoy You permalink JimmyRussler 5 points 14 hours ago They're all an untouchable class. The sooner we admit it the sooner something might actually be done about it. permalink Cuetardian 5 points 15 hours ago Bull's-eye. permalink GTHAYS 3 points 13 hours ago It's the "special" club and you ain't in it. permalink Ryanaissance 3 points 14 hours ago End it. permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 13 hours ago As America becomes a 3rd world dump for 80% of its population you are going to see increased corruption talking show me the man and i'll show you the crime and if you are part of the state you just walk as if you did no wrong they don't even have to hide the evidence anymore soon. permalink OftenDisgusted 3 points 14 hours ago What an arrogant, integrity-free criminal. permalink learntocode 2 points 13 hours ago FUCK THE INTEREST RATES HOW MUCH MONEY ARE THEY HANDING TO THEIR MEMBER BANKS ("RESERVES") THAT IS INFLATING MULTIPLE ASSET BUBBLES? THE FED HAS MADE STOCKS, HOMEOWNERSHIP, DIGITAL ASSETS, GOLD, LEVERAGED BUYOUTS FOR ECONOMIC CURTAILMENT AND CENTRALIZATION FLY TO THE MOON - ALL ASSET PURCHASES FUELED BY THEIR BANKS INTENTIONALLY LENDING TO CREATE THESE BUBBLES. permalink SigAR 2 points 14 hours ago "I don't want to kill everyone, just my enemies" Great quote permalink imbackbish 2 points 11 hours ago if they lower interest rates there will be even more inflation, people here will be forced to sell their houses, i'll buy them at a discount and rent them back to you . permalink Pats5x 2 points 10 hours ago The fed is anti maga and pro globalist permalink Puppy528 2 points 14 hours ago That way, they never have to make things better for anyone! :D permalink Krat 2 points 14 hours ago Thats because there are no consequences permalink CommieCrats 2 points 13 hours ago MAKE FED BOARD MEMBERS ELECTIONS AND 2 YEAR TERMS permalink Datamancer 2 points 13 hours ago Of course. permalink RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 11 hours ago yep permalink roadrunner0 2 points 13 hours ago It would seem mortgage fraud and refinancing properties is the preferred method to launder corruption cash for these rat bastards.. They take out a large loan and then someone else makes the payments = money laundered.. permalink okboomer59 2 points 13 hours ago starting to figure out how this whole thing works permalink dontsteponsnek 1 points 12 hours ago Stock market keeps shooting straight up to all time highs, idk if it’s a good idea to lower the rates, 6% isn’t that bad permalink 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 8 hours ago The Fed rate has historically been about 1.5 points above the rate of inflation, except when inflation is very high (late 1970s) or very low (under 2%). Our current rate of inflation is 1.6%, which means the Fed rate should be 2.5% to 2.75%. permalink DRKMSTR 1 points 10 hours ago Wait, what? When? Who? How? permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 1 points 14 hours ago I cleaned my desk off last week, otherwise.... Yeah that's me! permalink texas4ever 1 points 14 hours ago We could get lower rates if we'd cool it a little on the high tariffs. Blanket high tariffs on everything isn't smart, we should focus on industries where we can realistically compete...and for a lot of products even at 50% tariffs, it's still not possible to make here. permalink keeman 1 points 8 hours ago You want them to print money? Because that is what "reducing rates" means. permalink TrumpSycophant 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 1686 So the Fed refuses to lower rates for us but they’ll commit mortgage fraud to get lower rates for themselves posted 15 hours ago by A1EM 63 comments