1476 VP Vance on protests outside Union Station: "It's bizarre that we have a bunch of old, primarily white people out there protesting the policies that keep people safe when they've never felt danger in their entire lives." posted 13 hours ago by JTIM 126 comments Greg Price @greg_price11 • 18h VP Vance on protests outside Union Station: "It's bizarre that we have a bunch of old, primarily white people out there protesting the policies that keep people safe when they've never felt danger in their entire lives." 126 comments CleanUpPhillyTrump24 94 points 13 hours ago Dems do not get the optics of how bad they look. Their meaningless value signaling lost them the LAST election. So SHHHH let them cook. permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 31 points 12 hours ago As they exhaust opportunities to gerrymander in their own states so too will they exhaust every last stupid woke political argument. It's going to get even more insane before it ends, but this barrel's got a bottom, and they're almost to it. permalink monkadelic 9 points 11 hours ago Give it time, they still have violence as an option if they don't get their way, or..who knows, maybe a new pandemic, hypothetically. permalink conservatarian 11 points 11 hours ago Regarding violence, the following is shamelessly stolen from u/Cuetardian Be aware of the term narcissistic rage. That's exactly what we're seeing here. Narcissists/sociopaths of every kind rely on lies, bribes, threats and manipulation to stay in control of everyone else. But when narcs/sociopaths realize that their bullshit isn't working anymore, and the lies fall apart and people begin to see them for what they really are, they become furiously angry. That's when they start lashing out with physical violence. That's because they don't have any other way to get people to do what they want. And as long as they're still not getting what they want - which is to be proved right, get their power and control back, and have Trump and MAGA disappear forever - the Left will only become more and more enraged and violent and destructive. Never forget this. Be aware of your surroundings 24/7. It's almost certain to get worse before it can be stopped. permalink Vag2024 4 points 10 hours ago Also they're counting on the country being conquered by Muslims So that the law and constitution wouldn't matter permalink Cuetardian 2 points 9 hours ago thanks! please feel free to use anything I might come up with anywhere you like! permalink spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago The barrel's bottom was carved out since the beginning. Marxists die instead of changing their beliefs. permalink DanIsSwell 2 points 10 hours ago It’s comical, that this is all the democrats have left. They don’t have the usaid funding to pay protesters and rioters. Handfuls of old white ladies and a couple low T cucks, are the actual grass roots crowd who shows up on their own. permalink Batting1000 1 points 4 minutes ago Reminds me of a scene from the Simpsons: "Well, Homer, I see you finally hit rock bottom." "Not a chance! I could sink WAY lower!" permalink tpactionchasethevote 8 points 11 hours ago To be fair, it's pretty dangerous when the plebs start asking for their high paying manufacturing jobs back, when the rabble stop agreeing to high inflationary currency manipulation, and when the adorable-deplorables decline to participate in the endless wars of the sophisticated class. A house of cards falling. permalink projectarcturus1 7 points 11 hours ago The only people who "protest" for the left are being paid. Cut off the money. permalink AfrikaanerBoer 2 points 10 hours ago BOOMERCUCK DEMOCRATS NEEDS TO BE WIPED OUT BY THE VACCINES ALREADY permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 11 hours ago So we are going to ignore Vance and Miller openly shutting on White people? Calling them out directly? Please, someone show me where either of these cucks called protesting blacks "stupid" or "old black folks". permalink flashersenpai 6 points 11 hours ago It is what it is man. For example, go look up the zoom meetings from gun control orgs like Everytown. It's almost entirely old white women. permalink spezisacuckold 4 points 10 hours ago A ffluent W hite F emale L eftists permalink JR_Butterbean 5 points 11 hours ago Its because these are privileged white boomer liberals. The nimby types that feel bad cus blacks are too stupid to do anything but also wouldnt dare ever be around them permalink spezisacuckold 45 points 12 hours ago It's literally "affluenza" permalink BloodElfSupporter 29 points 12 hours ago Old White liberal boomers who had enjoyed the fruits of the system and take everything for granted. Literally the most despicable group of people in this country’s history ever. I spit on these people. permalink STONKATRUCK 15 points 12 hours ago Most boomer advice only applies to boomers in the time period they grew up. Because they twisted and warped this country into some monstrosity of virtue signalling and 'equality'. permalink Wexit-Delecto 11 points 12 hours ago Good luck finding even one boomer who will admit "if all future generations did as the boomers did, Western civilization would end." None of them can even admit their generation went down a wrong path. permalink spezisacuckold 4 points 10 hours ago I'm fairly right-libertarian, and while I highly value individual rights, I also clearly see the "Me generation" didn't plant much of any trees whose shade they will never sit in. permalink Wexit-Delecto 3 points 9 hours ago All I'm saying, yet they get so mad! Fucking boomers, man. permalink Aboveaveragebear 11 points 11 hours ago Yep the protected unionized gimmie gimmie entitled fux! There were ZERO bennies when i started working in 1983- i was an electricians apprentice working for$6.35 an hr w/a new wife and baby on the way! If i hadnt had great foreman(that would give the apprentices the scrap copper at the end of all ou jobs i wouldnt have made it to journeyman or out of the crap box studio or 1 br rm apts we lived in until later! Then the beaners came in a shat on the wages by 2003! Im beyond fucked now at 62 from the slow steady rip-off im also early gen x’er. BUT i raised my kids like Xers in a lil town in the midwest- got outta Az for a LOOONG time but back for parents last years permalink The_Emperor 4 points 8 hours ago You made 62! Good on you. You can retire , and do what u need to do for you and your family! permalink Aboveaveragebear 1 points 8 hours ago Nope i got nothing permalink USMC6541E5 5 points 10 hours ago Women against men, children against parents, everyone against Christianity, minorities against Whites, libs against conservatives, troons against normal genders and now generation against generation. Anything else left to divide? permalink BloodElfSupporter 2 points 10 hours ago I mentioned a very specific group of people that doesn’t include 99.9% of the people here, unless you’re a liberal, and in that case I have nothing to say to you because you’re less than a human being to me. But if you’re just a regular America loving patriot then it doesn’t apply to you and you have nothing to do with what I said. permalink The_Emperor 2 points 8 hours ago Lots become hippie commies. Then they got government careers like in schools or federal agencies...and never had to really struggle like so many Americans. And they can't understand why patriotism, capitalism, or personal responsibility are important! permalink RickFagnolia 8 points 12 hours ago Poor things are suffering from chronic affluenza. permalink donteatthat 4 points 12 hours ago Hopefully they succumb to it permalink StrongIsland 1 points 12 hours ago Great book. 👍 permalink FatigueIsReal 27 points 12 hours ago Boomers and Karens. Thats the voice of the democrat party. permalink flashersenpai 8 points 11 hours ago Not just Karens, it's a feminine party in general. Their whole lockstep ideology is the female group dynamic at a national scale. "Trans women are women" at the political level is the same as local level women telling each other they are all beautiful. permalink Big_Dog 6 points 10 hours ago Hey there now!!!!!! I am a BOOMER and I cut my teeth on Ronnie Reagan, my MAN! Never thought I would live to see a President greater than Ronald Reagan but here we are! TRUMP💥💥💥 permalink Firepit 1 points 5 hours ago It’s mostly boomers, not all. Relax. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 8 hours ago You're a good one. I wish they were all like you! permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Bless you for breaking the mold. permalink GallowsTime 2 points 12 hours ago If they can't cheat at the polls, they'll never win another election. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink GallowsTime 20 points 12 hours ago Spot fucking on, JD! These are feeble, pampered people who would wet themselves if they ever came face to face with a mugger or an assailant. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 9 points 12 hours ago And even then they’d still vote blue no matter who. They live with high crime rates and it never occurs to them that their voting patterns are the reason. permalink GodSaveTheWest 1 points 5 hours ago Well, couldve been more specific and mention how many women are out there. But yeah, it is a lot of self hating white people with nothing better to do thinking they know whats best for brown people. The Woke Woman's Burden. permalink Wrez77 12 points 12 hours ago White boomer libs are the pits and the older they are, the worse they are. permalink GallowsTime 5 points 11 hours ago Commie-boomers. All we can do about them is keep organizing carpools to their booster appointments. permalink Ritchie_Blackadder 2 points 11 hours ago Coomers. Agitraitors. permalink Thatunknownguy 11 points 12 hours ago Fucking hippies permalink AstroLonghorn 4 points 12 hours ago Talked to my pops the other day about how boomers had lazy entitled liberals called hippies. I guess at the end of the day not much has really changed permalink South_Florida_Guy 11 points 12 hours ago race traitors are one of our biggest problems/enemies in America permalink GodIsPerfect 9 points 12 hours ago Mercenary protestors. permalink HuntsBiden 8 points 12 hours ago Paid agitators permalink thisisatestof2 8 points 11 hours ago From my local TDS protests, since Trump has been back in office, it seems like the vast majority if protests have been 50+ white and probably 75% female. permalink spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago AWFLs permalink asdrubael_was_right 7 points 12 hours ago I disagree as a white person I feel danger every time I have the misfortune of being in near proximity to black ghetto trash. permalink GayPatriotMAGAUncle 7 points 10 hours ago Now we know why he went Indian. 😅 Truth be told the way white women act in this country is enough of a turn off you're better off looking for a tradwife elsewhere in another country and Vance is a lucky bastard to get someone who is loyal and faithful to him. permalink GodSaveTheWest 3 points 5 hours ago Yeah, certainly tempting. I want my kids to look like me though, and not be split between 2 worlds. permalink YodaBannon 6 points 12 hours ago reverse uno bitches permalink billybaldwin2 5 points 12 hours ago National Guard was there a whole 6 months in 2021. Everything was fenced off for that 6 months. Where were they? permalink HockeyMom4Trump 9 points 12 hours ago Exactly! The military was all over DC and not a peep from these freaks. permalink PowerOfBlues 1 points 11 hours ago Not true..... They were thanking the military for protecting them from MAGA terrorists permalink StrongIsland 2 points 12 hours ago Screaming for red hats to be rounded up. Muh insurrection. permalink jarasan 4 points 12 hours ago They getting paid! Miserable, pastie, and angry their lives have been a waste, trying to get meaning. permalink terribletwos 3 points 12 hours ago It's a specific group. Like these aren't white people. They're like a sect of catholics, or mormons, or evangelicals or some other existing group. This is an organized group that came out of nowhere. No one organized them to do this, they were already a group that got orders. So tell me who they are. permalink Klown_Kutz 6 points 11 hours ago No they're just typical white boomers. They want a good life for themselves but absolutely not for anyone else. The Day of the Pillow can not come soon enough. permalink terribletwos 5 points 11 hours ago Nah. I've watched people get organized before. It moves a certain way. Whether it's supposedly organic or whether it's organized. It doesn't just pop into existence. There's groups of old people just sitting on sides of roads in every city in every suburb all of a sudden one day out of thin air. It just doesn't happen like that. It's never happened like that. It takes a minute to gain momentum. Where's the undercover guys doing investigations. I want to see them. permalink highlandparker 1 points 9 hours ago FAKEBOOK. THEY LIVE THERE permalink ShadowInv 1 points 6 hours ago They are disconnected from reality. Asset inflation made them wealthy, and they are all paid by the government in inefficient jobs well. The media programmed a lot of people that don’t question things. permalink Deplorable556 3 points 11 hours ago be me, be white. broken family experience: home born in a bath tub in a trailer in NJ. cord wrapped around neck at birth, face blue not crying. they never thought id make it. single mother trying to make due. drank tap water and swam in polluted lakes. rode bikes, digged in dirt. came back home when streets lights turned on. rode bikes with friends... eventually, shuffled down south after father died at age 7. grew up broke and left home at 14. skipped school constantly and dropped out. lived the apartment/trap house life, drinked and drugged until age 27. entire time shared rooms and apartment complexes with black and mexican people. got arrested a few times, got my shit robbed 4 times, gun to my head twice, also GOT MY GED. became blue collar hvac tech. after 10 years of busting my ass, made money, got married, bought a house, had one kid. he just turned 18, currently own a house and 3 cars, planning on buying a motorcycle soon. WHATS THE FUCKING PROBLEM FOLKS? ITS CALLED LIFE. WE ALL BLEED RED RIGHT? permalink ActNow 3 points 11 hours ago Give Stephen Miller credit for that quote. Vance was quoting him. permalink tarballs 2 points 9 hours ago Vance said it much more aptly, Miller's take just sounded like bizarre betrayal. Let's see him have the balls to say black or brown or jewish crowd. permalink Firepit 1 points 5 hours ago Miller the Jew smearing whites. You surprised? permalink YouAreIgnorant 3 points 12 hours ago For them to feel safe they need to be in charge and abusing Christians. permalink noPTSDforMePlease 3 points 11 hours ago Old people who want to relive their glory days. They don't actually care about any issues, they're just having fun "fighting the man" permalink Metriz77 3 points 6 hours ago That’s all of New England literally the whitest most blue state area of the country but they don’t have any of the crime and minorities like the rest of the country. Fuck them. They are invalid permalink Firepit 0 points 5 hours ago White or ✡️white permalink obamagavemeaphone 3 points 11 hours ago The msm will now cherry pick one protester who has "felt danger" and exploitively highlight them in an attempt to besmirch Vance. They're so predictable. permalink Systemfree1632 3 points 11 hours ago TDS induced Liberal Democrats are forced to defend the indefensible, in this upside world they live in . permalink Whozat 3 points 11 hours ago Maybe they need the money. permalink Scatter-Shot 3 points 11 hours ago I am really glad JD is calling out these old white people for protesting against something that actually benefits the real residents of DC. Same up in Canada, we have a bunch of old, white boomers who never have to worry about cost of living or keeping a roof over their head flocking to Carney to stick it to Trump when Pierre Polilevre is campaigning on cost of living and housing. permalink Ferzth 3 points 11 hours ago I wonder if the Rent-a-Mob is paid by the hour, by the level of righteous indigation they bring to The Cause, by their apopletic level of TDSRage-Sincerity Index, or some other metric used by the company to dole out retirement/Geritol monies ? permalink DirtyDiaperJoe 2 points 5 hours ago I wish some farmer with one of those huge manure spreaders would do a drive by on the paid protestors and spray them all down...ala the Dutch farmers. permalink conservativefrank 2 points 12 hours ago "We want to be able to get shot or beaten here!" permalink RedCapNation 2 points 12 hours ago JD Vance talking down about white people Get fucked with your abomination children you faggot permalink myke 2 points 10 hours ago Pretty interesting that everyone is so okay with that. permalink CommieCucker 2 points 11 hours ago identity politics in 10 years hopefully: "it's sad that we have a bunch of old Jews and run-through cat ladies out there protesting" permalink Bunnybudman 2 points 8 hours ago Omg- spot on. If you guys haven’t read his book yet, you should. I had never felt a politician be so relatable to my own childhood circumstances in my life. It seems that perspective life gave him hasn’t changed. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 8 hours ago The US government should be false flagging terror attacks outside of such protests. I'd set it up as some sort of Indian cult to use anti-Indian sentiment and anti-crime sentiment. permalink myke 2 points 10 hours ago Pretty interesting character, this Vance. Been watching some videos about his early years, his rise to politics, reading some articles. So interesting that I feel most folks here, who champion and boost, should also take the time to read about this interesting story as well. permalink brewser724 2 points 11 hours ago Well, they're getting paid to be there sooooooooooo... permalink mateus 2 points 11 hours ago He should've left out "white people." Believe me, that didn't win him any points with the left, and it pissed me off--and I know I'm not alone. I'm not jumping on this bandwagon. permalink GodSaveTheWest 1 points 5 hours ago Its true though, it is a bunch of race traitor white women out there protesting against trump. White women need to be brought in line if the west is going to be saved. Thats reality. permalink ShadowInv 1 points 6 hours ago As someone who has seen the anti trump protestors line the streets in Northern VA, he was spot on. permalink MaBaker 2 points 11 hours ago Ummm...kinda racist permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 5 points 11 hours ago Racism against white people is applauded permalink flashersenpai 1 points 11 hours ago Fair to question that he's comfortable saying they are white, but if they're white then it's just reality. permalink GodSaveTheWest 1 points 5 hours ago They are white, he neglected to mention most of them are women though. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 12 hours ago Twice they mention they are White. This new anti-White streak. permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 8 points 12 hours ago Vance is mocking them since they’re the main ones that be complaining about everything Trump. It’s a mix of them falling back on their “white savior” complex and the soft bigotry of low expectations. Funny thing is there are actually a number of older black people that are happy Trump is doing this because they’re tired of the youths that act wild and get away with it under Bowser. permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 4 points 11 hours ago Don't deflect. Can you show me where he has ever spoken about blacks in the same manner? permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 0 points 9 hours ago I’m not sure where you’re going here. If you’re upset Vance isn’t insulting black democrats it wasn’t relevant to this particular incident. permalink dude_guy_7643 3 points 12 hours ago Plus a little bit of, if they say they have felt danger, than they are basically admitting that DC is dangerous permalink StrongIsland 0 points 12 hours ago White Savior, lol, Vance’s wife screams white savior complex 😅 permalink BloodElfSupporter 5 points 12 hours ago Are you so biased that calling out your own people and speaking the truth is now anti-White? Grow a spine. We call out everyone here. permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 4 points 11 hours ago What's biased is Vance not doing the same to blacks. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 12 hours ago Except the thugs. Youth. Doctors. Engineers. 😒 permalink Miha 4 points 12 hours ago Something tells me they are that special kind of chameleon white permalink BloodElfSupporter 4 points 12 hours ago Juuuuiiiicceeee? permalink myke 3 points 10 hours ago White When Convenient permalink GodSaveTheWest 1 points 5 hours ago Because its true, dont be a retard. if white people are gonna reclaim our countries we need to stomp out the self hating race traitors. permalink ShadowInv 1 points 5 hours ago Rich white women that live in fancy houses in areas that are safe decrying police cleaning up the city. It’s not people from southeast that live in the warzones complaining. permalink knnbccb 2 points 9 hours ago Have you checked Craigslist or some online job ad? They were paid. Follow the money trail. permalink Firepit 1 points 5 hours ago BOOMERS permalink DahnaldTrump 1 points 17 minutes ago What is bizarre about being white permalink AssPhixEAtion627 1 points 10 hours ago “When theyve never felt danger their entire lives.” Such a true statement. permalink MeasureTheNose 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink GoodvsEvil2 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink ecstatic45conman 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1476 VP Vance on protests outside Union Station: "It's bizarre that we have a bunch of old, primarily white people out there protesting the policies that keep people safe when they've never felt danger in their entire lives." posted 13 hours ago by JTIM 126 comments Greg Price @greg_price11 • 18h VP Vance on protests outside Union Station: "It's bizarre that we have a bunch of old, primarily white people out there protesting the policies that keep people safe when they've never felt danger in their entire lives."