1119 Listen to how rabid the Democrats are for crime - yelling at Pete Hegseth, JD Vance and Stephen Miller. "F*CK you, Pete! F*ck you, N@zi!" "Get the F*CK, out, of, my, CITY!!" posted 17 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 138 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 17h 🚨 WOW. Listen to how rabid the Democrats are for crime - yelling at Pete Hegseth, JD Vance and Stephen Miller. "F*CK you, Pete! F*ck you, N@zi!" "Get the F*CK, out, of, my, CITY!!" [They are mostly white by the way - again] 138 comments Assault-Covfefe 94 points 17 hours ago This is what 30 years of everyone's a winner, anti-bullying, and being your kids' friends have wrought. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 20 points 16 hours ago Bullying is just going to make them more violent. permalink Aoikaze2000 15 points 16 hours ago The bullies used the anti-bullying stuff to their advantage and stripped the rest of the group from their ability to kick their asses. permalink okboomer59 17 points 16 hours ago the tyranny of the crybully permalink NotYourMan 3 points 10 hours ago There is no anti-bullying. COVID clot shot mandates was full of bullying. Everybody that said NO to the COVID clot shot got bullied. Democrats are fine when they are the bullies but they complain when bullying goes against them. Democrats are liars, full of BS. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 2 points 16 hours ago Good permalink GarbageLivesMatter 4 points 15 hours ago Yep, that is about it. permalink BarronVonSaltzburg26 6 points 15 hours ago Its also a pack of white liberals mad because black neighborhoods are safer. permalink Ihateallliars 1 points 6 hours ago Likely the intent of the people who hired them. The snake heads must be held responsible for their actions. It all goes back to the communist manifesto. We had an act against communism but was declared unconstitutional...so that means we need an amendment to prevent communism. permalink DontTreadOnSnek 2 points 14 hours ago Don't forgot the 8 years of Obama that undid all the progress to civil rights then the 10 years of Trump and his cult are NAZIS! permalink NotYourMan 1 points 10 hours ago The goal of democrats is to give to everybody or at least claim they are giving to everybody. No rules, no limitations, spend until the system breaks then blame republicans. This is what democrats do. They win by being everybody's friend (except for white Christians but then they have liberal white women). Republicans and conservatives know that doesn't work, so we become the bad guys by imposing limits, limits that are necessary for everybody to live together. Democrats use this against us with the MSM. Without the MSM, the democrat party would be nothing. permalink highenergywinning 44 points 17 hours ago They were spoiled brats as children permalink IncredibleMrE1 28 points 17 hours ago Spank your children when they get out of line permalink LightBeacons 10 points 16 hours ago I got the hairbrush on the butt from Mom, but it did me a lot of good. circa late 50-60's. then withholding my allowance for bad behavior straightened me out real quick. permalink Brookes 13 points 16 hours ago We got the wooden spoon, till mom broke it on my oldest brother who had a back pocket full of rocks. I thought our dad was going to die laughing. permalink FuckU/Spez 3 points 15 hours ago Wife broke the spoon on her son (previous marriage), stepS and I rigged it so it would break when she got him. I now wish I would a skipped that part. Kid is a total flake, won't talk to us, screams at his mom, says he's gonna murder me, we treated him so horribly (his sister got trip to europe, he didn't). But our combined 3 others are college graduate, Law enforcement, military. All of them are great and we love them, but that one hates everyone because he peaked in High school. So much for being cool, now he's a server and pot head, also liberal, hates police. Really hope he comes around though permalink Grizaje 3 points 16 hours ago chancleta to face... doesnt matter how many left and right turns I make, that shit is still going to headshot me the second I turn around. And the rare Goku Power Pole that every mother ultimate has - I swear that broom is only 3-4ft tall but still manage to bonk me from 10 meters away. permalink view 1 more comments... SpellingContable 5 points 16 hours ago My Aunt broke my moms wooden spoon on my cousins ass one Christmas. permalink TidewaterYank 1 points 11 hours ago Mom had the wooden spoon...but Dad used a special belt: a wide hunk of excess rubber refrigerator door lining. permalink throttlejohnson 4 points 16 hours ago a swift backhand was the trick permalink A_Little_White_Duck 4 points 16 hours ago My mom cut her hand on my braces. I wish she would have disciplined me more, I was a brat. permalink RuleoVicus -10 points 16 hours ago Ah, physical violence against children, that's the ticket! Look how well that's doing for the Feral Americans!! Not beating children is not the reason for modern societal decay. You fucking sociopaths. permalink Aoikaze2000 7 points 16 hours ago Spare the rod and spoil the child. permalink view 2 more comments... SpellingContable 7 points 16 hours ago Its not the whack, you fagg, its the fear and understanding that bad actions have consequences. For instance, if there were consequences, there would be no teachers like you talking about sucking your boyfriends cock during class with the students. Why are you Ghey? permalink view 4 more comments... Bramage 1 points 11 hours ago Loser. permalink RuleoVicus -1 points 16 hours ago Violence in black families is ubiquitous. High violent crime rate results. Direct correlation. Nowhere in any sane society is such child abuse tolerated. The Japanese don't beat their children. Muslims do. You people are fucking sick . permalink view 5 more comments... BloodElfSupporter 3 points 16 hours ago My relatives in an East Asian country think White Americans are the nicest and kindest angels on the planet because they don’t do physical punishment on their kids. “White peoples are so nice. They don’t hit their kids. They talk to them instead. They are so patient and so mature. I wish our parents could be more like them.” permalink OK_Parmaker 5 points 15 hours ago Too many are “nice” to the point of letting people who hate us invade our country (same goes for Europe) permalink RuleoVicus -1 points 15 hours ago Far too many White parents brutalize their children to 'obey'. That's why so many Whites are fucking cucks to The State. As for generally E Asian culture- indifference is the norm. The sheer number of death videos from parents that just don't give a shit is soul haunting. And the U.S. NPCs thinks bullying here is worse than South Korea, whoa boy, no. permalink 5DchessWatch 2 points 15 hours ago Yeah my dad would put my head in a vice and bring the drill press down just a mm away from my eye But i turned out great! permalink TheRedPilledArtist 8 points 16 hours ago No kidding. These are spoiled rotten BABIES in soy 'adult' bodies. Boot camp would CRUMBLE them, let alone active combat. permalink SteveRogers42 1 points 13 hours ago The offensive line of a Pop Warner football team could clear that room with a quickness. permalink Judgejude 20 points 17 hours ago Paid and bused in retards. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE‼️ permalink RuleoVicus 6 points 16 hours ago Yup. permalink MAGAguitar 18 points 17 hours ago This is classic projection. THEY are the Nazi’s. AND it’s NOT THEIR CITY permalink _Hard_R 8 points 16 hours ago I wish we were actual Nazis. https://forward.com/culture/549587/trans-book-burning-library-gay-pride/ permalink MeMargie 15 points 17 hours ago They need to get out of this Country, their ignorance is offensive. permalink tomthung 14 points 16 hours ago This is all paid shitheads, the left is trying to get things going but can't. Even Morning Joe is telling the dems to stop and take a break. Haha permalink TheTelltaleFly 3 points 14 hours ago This is their real funding level. With USAID defunded the best they can do is a handful of unemployed aspiring actors. permalink TheSonOfGadsden 10 points 16 hours ago Reeeeeeeee nazi, reeeeeeeeeee! Same old npc bullshit from these retards permalink flashersenpai 9 points 17 hours ago 2 more pinned posts for Eric Daugherty. How many this week so far? permalink IncredibleMrE1 9 points 17 hours ago Eric got paid by Big Soda to trash MAHA, so there's that permalink hellohellohellohell 3 points 16 hours ago And he got paid by Big DeSantis (Kochs, Murdochs) to promote Ron, which is even more unethical. permalink IncredibleMrE1 4 points 16 hours ago Yup permalink PapaPepe 2 points 15 hours ago We only get siren emoji posts now permalink OpusX 8 points 16 hours ago Just like the border crisis, the crime epidemic U.S. cities are experiencing is completely by choice because Democrats refuse to enforce the law. All it took was a couple months of President Trump being in office for border crossings to drop to almost zero, and look at what he's accomplished in D.C. in barely over a week. There's no other way to say it, Democrats are pro-crime. They want the anarchy, death and misery because it gives them an excuse to get more funding and pass more laws. They don't care anything about the safety or beauty of our cities, or the people living in them, they just want more power for themselves. permalink PowerOfBlues 2 points 16 hours ago The fact that Trump has done these things doesn't change the fact that the rest of the GOP does absolutely nothing to try to fix anything There's only one party...... The Democrats are the ventriloquist (who do most of the talking and set the agenda).....the GOP are the dummy (controlled opposition..who utter a few pre-written lines..but mostly stay silent) permalink Toobigtorig123 8 points 16 hours ago NOT ONE PERSON WHO LIVES IN THE AREA TARGETED BY CRIME ARE SAYING GET OUT...Brain washed college students who have grown up as entitled morons...Not everyone deserves a prize bozos permalink notsuicidalatall 6 points 16 hours ago omg imagine having the time to even fucking show up there? I'm working and can't leave my desk for hours yet these fucktards are there screaming at someone who is actually trying to fix things. permalink LineInTheSand 1 points 14 hours ago To be fair, people on our side would gather on sidewalks and shout "FJB" and "let's go Brandon" when his motorcade was driving past. We have people who have time to voice their grievances with politicians during the day, too. permalink RuleoVicus 1 points 16 hours ago Get to travel round country too. I haven't been able to tourist to another state in several years. permalink FusionBlack 5 points 16 hours ago I would love to walk around there with bear spray. Just for research purposes. permalink Cali_kid 5 points 16 hours ago Harassed by white people permalink BewareOfThePug 4 points 16 hours ago Those beta orbiters are hoping to be blessed by her pussy permalink MrJinxy 5 points 16 hours ago So glad we have nice clear pictures of these brain-addled “adults”. Make asylums great again. Please. permalink 45fan 4 points 16 hours ago "Free Palestine!" Okay, you want to go and fight the Jews then go right ahead. I'm sure these smart liberals can figure out how to sneak into the Gaza Strip to volunteer. I'd say to fight, but I'm not sure that's how they'd use the screaming woman's skill set. permalink fluffykitten 3 points 16 hours ago always the white libtards permalink Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 16 hours ago Public school brainwashing. Parents that don't want to parent. Lots of reasons why these people are retarded. permalink South_Florida_Guy 3 points 16 hours ago I wish we would act like the Nazis they say we are permalink John_Smallberries 1 points 11 hours ago Send em to the showers to cool off for a bit. permalink MythArcana 3 points 16 hours ago Toss them in with the fatigroes and see how enjoyable that experience can be. permalink PearlyGaits57 3 points 16 hours ago I just LOVE, how little it takes to trigger these doltz. permalink CLF3 3 points 16 hours ago Those are probably the people running the crime rings to finance their campaigns. permalink Cuetardian 3 points 16 hours ago This is how desperate they are to hide the massive corruption that goes on inside those buildings and in the tunnels beneath the cities. The criminals and drug addicts work to keep any sane and normal people well away from all of that. They're like the pitbulls in the junkyard. Nobody who might see what's really going on will get close. Lose their criminals and live-in druggies, and they lose their security. I should have thought of that before. This happens in every city and is why the Democrat/globalists absolutely refuse to clean it up. We really can't hate them enough. permalink FatigueIsReal 3 points 16 hours ago White liberals showing their true nature as white supremacists. They have to fight for brown people! permalink Fren20 1 points 13 hours ago To use as gardeners cooks cleaners .. slaves permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 16 hours ago Where is this? And why are these crazed animals allowed literally within feet of the VPOTUS? permalink ClaytonMagnet 3 points 16 hours ago Lefties have no emotional regulation. They are like big children. permalink Trumpwonbidencheated 3 points 16 hours ago I fucking hate leftists. They're all trash. permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 16 hours ago The paid protestor crowds are getting small. The jig must be up. permalink mty_green_go 2 points 16 hours ago i think these are actually the volunteers, which is why it is only 5 people permalink BigDaddyBigTrump 3 points 16 hours ago They were all thrown in an asylum later that day and never heard from again. I can dream. permalink RuleoVicus 1 points 16 hours ago Dream big or go home!!! permalink billybaldwin2 3 points 16 hours ago National Guard was there a whole 6 months in 2021. Everything was fenced off for that 6 months. Where were they? permalink ShotgunParade69x 2 points 15 hours ago Imagine getting the chance to get your 15 minutes of fame by absolutely punching the fuck outta one of these screaming assholes and Pete hegseth or Trump watching you do so first hand. You know they’d secretly thank you while your go fund me shot up to space ! permalink Walt_Kowalski 2 points 14 hours ago Now that's my kind of fantasy. permalink 13MMshooter 2 points 16 hours ago Paid for by Soros. permalink TNgirl4Trump 2 points 14 hours ago This does not look like a safe situation for Vance & Hegseth. Who are all of those people? permalink 12345SIX 2 points 15 hours ago talk about "wrong side of history"....these commies are wanting society destroyed and they know what they are doing. permalink FORMERCHILDSTAR 2 points 16 hours ago White communists permalink KennyKetchem 1 points 15 hours ago You sure about that. I need some names. That ugly bitch yelling gives off Debbie Wasserman-Schultz vibes. permalink FORMERCHILDSTAR 1 points 8 hours ago There's sure to be some semites in the mix. permalink deleted 2 points 16 hours ago Imightbeprotonbill 3 points 16 hours ago Lol, you suggested that these people use thier own brains... permalink LightBeacons 2 points 16 hours ago human rabies is a terrible disease, long extinct but...guess not! permalink BBvarn 2 points 15 hours ago It's a bunch of sorry ass White libtards that live in northern Virginia. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 16 hours ago Those damn nazis and their.... [checks notes].. enforcing of laws... permalink texas4ever 2 points 16 hours ago White people rooting for their own demise. permalink Mike_Hoxbigg 2 points 16 hours ago Look at these welfare shlubby losers. Hate them! permalink bck- 2 points 16 hours ago don’t these faggots have jobs they should be putting time into? permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 2 points 16 hours ago These assholes support murder, theft, invasion, violence. permalink Truthman 1 points 11 hours ago It's a sickening feeling to see your fellow Americans behaving like irrational citizens. We MUST create a new and better system where the media is severely punished for lying to the American Public about anything. Our country has become SO corrupt because of the law (can't remember what it is) that allows them to actually LIE to us...right in our face! Smith/Mundt Act? Is that right? Obabma YOU SUCK! permalink Smdlegend 1 points 15 hours ago What I would give to stand in front of those idiots so I can laugh in thier face. permalink T471 1 points 15 hours ago parody of real people. permalink YagamiFire 1 points 12 hours ago Just look at them, laugh and say "That doesn't rhyme, dummy" permalink Texasnumber1 1 points 10 hours ago I get it there's freedom of speech but you cannot disturb the peace with your cussing they should arrest this give him a dose of their medicine permalink imbackbish 1 points 11 hours ago there is a heroin cartel operating out of Fort Bragg and Hegseth is worried about dime bags in DC. permalink cbonez416 1 points 15 hours ago Time for camps!! 6 weeks of pounding rare earth metal will straighten them right up!! permalink GarbageLivesMatter 1 points 15 hours ago Democrats are so weird and angry. permalink fox86 1 points 16 hours ago ...what city is this? permalink waste 1 points 15 hours ago DC. Probably Union Station. permalink NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 14 hours ago They're rabid. Someone needs to throw water on them. permalink Ihateallliars 1 points 6 hours ago I still think those people are Soros foundation paid protesters. Just showing how much class they have. Some will stoop very low for a little cash. permalink Tellman125 1 points 6 hours ago I support this type of behavior because it backfires so well. The ratio of conservative viewers to liberal viewers for this clip is probably like 15:1. As soon as someone is screaming and cursing out their opponent, they've lost so much credibility in they eyes of people who care about...MANNERS. The footage of this behavior ends up serving as a Trump campaign commercial. permalink patriotplus 1 points 13 hours ago typical democrat....I want to be raped and murdered, I want to be shot and carjacked, it's my right and my city permalink bringbackthe80s 1 points 16 hours ago "Hands off our crime! We worship at the alter of St. George Floyd, BIGOT!!!" permalink A_Little_White_Duck 1 points 16 hours ago The high dollar bought protesters won't work for pennies now that USAID is defunct. These are the bottom dwellers. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 14 hours ago Looks just like an insurrection!! permalink Agent_Orange 1 points 4 hours ago I would love to have seen Pete Hegseth jump that soy boy who yelled, "Fuck you, Pete!". Pete definitely has the tools to snatch the life out of him. permalink SpellingContable 1 points 16 hours ago "GET OUT OF MY ((( MENTAL ASYLUUUUM ))) " permalink Hvacguy 1 points 9 hours ago They don't understand, or won't understand.i feal sorry for them. permalink Bramage 1 points 11 hours ago It's not your city, it's a federal reserve and so the People's city. FUCK OFF. permalink MidwestZoomer 1 points 16 hours ago I voted for these people to be put in jail. Screaming fuck you nazi is clearly disorderly conduct permalink sanity_rules 1 points 10 hours ago F****** retards permalink Dallasguy 1 points 11 hours ago The white democrats. permalink RuleoVicus 1 points 16 hours ago 'mostly White' I don't nose about that... permalink _Liberty_Prime_ 2 points 16 hours ago Just because someone has a massive arabic nose doesn't necessarily mean they're Muslim. But it's a high probability. permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 12 hours ago Don't you want to harm Democrats and Deep State? I know I do. I do not want to go to prison but I would very much like them all unalived. permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 16 hours ago We can coexist though. Don't worry about it. permalink Azarak 1 points 15 hours ago How many of these activists are being paid to act unhinged? permalink cd3dog 1 points 16 hours ago This is what a gender studies degree along with chronic unemployment will get you. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 1 points 13 hours ago Not a great promo for The Dems. Free Speech is not their friend. permalink KarenLukasik 1 points 15 hours ago Evidently they just don’t like seeing Republicans winning anything…. permalink John_Smallberries 1 points 11 hours ago None of those little Jewish kids have been assaulted by a mob of “urban youths” in their pathetic Georgetown lives. permalink 1119 Listen to how rabid the Democrats are for crime - yelling at Pete Hegseth, JD Vance and Stephen Miller. "F*CK you, Pete! F*ck you, N@zi!" "Get the F*CK, out, of, my, CITY!!" posted 17 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 138 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 17h 🚨 WOW. Listen to how rabid the Democrats are for crime - yelling at Pete Hegseth, JD Vance and Stephen Miller. "F*CK you, Pete! F*ck you, N@zi!" "Get the F*CK, out, of, my, CITY!!" [They are mostly white by the way - again]