928 ...the way he sits is so gay. posted 11 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 75 comments 75 comments Wexit-Delecto 33 points 11 hours ago How do supposed males sit like this? With like skin tight jeans on too? Wouldn't they pop? permalink Patrick_Bateman 27 points 11 hours ago That's the funniest part. Everything about these fucks is calculated and rehearsed. It's marketing. permalink NomadicKrow2 24 points 10 hours ago 100% And he looks like he moans when he wipes. permalink BidenShowerDrool 11 points 10 hours ago Brigitte Macron sits more like a man than Gavin. permalink Long_time_lurker 6 points 10 hours ago If he was any gayer, he'd have won Eurovision. permalink YT45 2 points 5 hours ago He makes Kevin Spacey covered in baby oil at a Diddy party look super-straight in comparison. permalink Cowboy888 5 points 10 hours ago He couldn't handle the Mooche Obama. permalink SPEDMan64 2 points 6 hours ago In pain or ecstasy? permalink YT45 2 points 5 hours ago Must we contemplate such horror? permalink twentytwentyfourr 5 points 9 hours ago was gunna say, he's not gay... probably smashes prostitutes like hunter biden. he's just putting on the character of the accepted modern hetero male. permalink Captainzoomer 1 points 2 hours ago Either way, he most likely sits when he pees. permalink super_pede 4 points 8 hours ago when you dont have any twig and a berries tight jeans fit great. he is not just an advocate of bottom surgery. he is a client.. permalink PastorCharles 9 points 11 hours ago Guarantee this guy can't squat 200 below parallel permalink Mortal_Wombat 13 points 10 hours ago He squats on c**ks. Edit: sorry Pastor permalink BoatingAccident 3 points 10 hours ago He was so fidgety too def on stims permalink t-bone 1 points 9 hours ago 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 permalink McFatty7 7 points 10 hours ago Because he thinks that as long as you copy the way President Trump folds his hands , then the rest doesn't matter. permalink Mona1950 4 points 10 hours ago I think his trying to copy Trump is hilarious. He's not quite pulling it off and comes off like unauthentic, slimy total moron. I live here and that man does no work that I can tell. Go away Gavin - you are a total loser (and a faggot). permalink austford 6 points 11 hours ago no balls permalink YT45 1 points 5 hours ago Confirms Nuisance’s lack of balls. permalink IslandMan69 13 points 11 hours ago Thats how he sits in the hotel chair when Jose, Juan, and Manuel take turns plowing his old lady permalink TheAttackTitan 10 points 10 hours ago That’s how he sat in the cuck chair when Don Jr was plowing Kim Guilfoyle permalink CrackerSmurf2 11 points 11 hours ago He ain't got a sack. His Aunt took it as collateral for free election steals. permalink FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 11 hours ago Please...no more hair gel. Every other post is this demon. Giving him name recognition for 2028 is not good. permalink austford 8 points 11 hours ago I believe that sitting position is called 'The Trudeau' permalink CO2_Generator 1 points 25 minutes ago LoL permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 7 points 10 hours ago Once again - everybody, including Trump, is always rhapsodizing about how handsome, good looking, attractive, central casting, Hollywood smile, charming, enigmatic this guy is. I have NEVER thought he was any of those things. He’s always been unattractive, oily, off-putting, Uncanny Valley to me. The type of man I would stop an elevator and quickly step off if he got on. Wouldn’t be alone in a room with him, wouldn’t let him near my daughters. There’s just something about him not quite right. permalink Kronder12 6 points 10 hours ago He looks like a Batman villain permalink brutustyberius 6 points 10 hours ago HE’S GOT A HANDGINA!! permalink Chesteraarthur2 6 points 10 hours ago Gay Hollywood choreography. I hope America realizes this in '28. permalink Eatinglue 5 points 10 hours ago It’s how the liberal focus groups told him to sit. Everything is politics for them. permalink MinnieWhittaker 4 points 10 hours ago as gay as canards permalink mass55th 4 points 10 hours ago He sits like he's got a yeast infection in his cunt. permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 11 hours ago Link https://x.com/IfindRetards/status/1958299901848367430 permalink sola_scriptura 5 points 10 hours ago This is his cuck chair sitting position when he lets other dudes plow his wife permalink 26magarat 3 points 11 hours ago Reminds me of Justin Trudeau. "Here is the church/ Here is the steeple." permalink diverscale 3 points 10 hours ago The Justin Trudeau pose permalink Wbrober 3 points 11 hours ago He just had his tallywacker lopped off to gain the tranny vote, which is 65% of West LA population. Maybe he's decided to run for LA mayor instead. permalink TeeRoyAL 3 points 10 hours ago my nuts hurt looking at the way he sits permalink SmokeDopeDank 3 points 10 hours ago He's the American treudeaux. permalink Gunmolester 3 points 10 hours ago Ladies...does he look dreamy to you? permalink ColonelKlink 7 points 10 hours ago No. He reminds me of a dirty used car salesman, like bill clinton. permalink freebirdie 1 points 3 hours ago No. When I look at him, I see demons and raped, dead kids. permalink f_bastiat 3 points 10 hours ago He could pass as a butch lesbian permalink Prandogolio 2 points 7 hours ago Except for the butch part permalink Ferzth 3 points 10 hours ago Simply telegraphing to You Know Who, that he has a gaping fronthole . . . or is that the International Symbol for Syphilis-in-My-FrontHole ? permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 9 hours ago That's how he sits when he pees too. permalink barwhack 2 points 10 hours ago Gay and slimey. permalink StrongIsland 2 points 10 hours ago Pull up, push up contest content, him and JD, right now, because…. Theater my dear faggots, theatre, so who’s taking Ashley Satan Clair polymart bets? None of you have learned anything yet 😅 permalink Trump454748 2 points 10 hours ago He probably removed the seat…. permalink PopTartGun 2 points 10 hours ago Gavin Trudeau permalink Braujager 2 points 10 hours ago When confidence-projecting ‘steepling’ gesture topples and becomes ‘caged balls’… permalink Oruin 2 points 7 hours ago That's not the gay pose that's the eunuch pose Get it right. permalink UnknownUserName 2 points 10 hours ago Alex Jones said that Newsom has a schlong that is over 12 inches. He said it on a Livestream before he got sued. Said he was friends with someone that knew Newsom personally and he could nearly wrap his schlong around his waist like a belt. permalink freebirdie 1 points 3 hours ago That's James Woods. There's tons of stories about it. First time I've ever heard it about this pos. permalink BrennansMangina 2 points 10 hours ago Someone is gonna have to tip him to break the seal permalink j2daeww 2 points 9 hours ago Liberal men sit that way because they have no balls permalink knnbccb 1 points 8 hours ago His hands are a symbolic gesture: California is a giant vagina, open wide and ready to be fucked by illegals. permalink Patriot_Dave 1 points 5 hours ago bird hands. permalink Bramage 1 points 49 minutes ago Thats because this beta cuck doesnt have a pair. Conversely, look how GEOTUS always sits. Alpha. permalink LabTech 1 points 7 hours ago When Newsom's people released that side-by-side photo of him when he was young, alongside JD Vance, it got me thinking over the last day or so over a book I read a while back: Prizzi's Glory. It's the sequel to Prizzi's Honor, which was made into a movie back in the day and starred Jack Nicholson as Charlie Partana. In the sequel, over the course of the book, Charlie is groomed and manipulated by way of plastic surgery, specialist trainers, and paperwork trickery in order to turn a Mob Boss into a "respectable businessman", who almost immediately begins making political machinations. Essentially, it's a story about a man of comparatively meager ability being pushed by those around him and greased the whole way by corruption of all kinds into becoming the perfect vessel for the group's ideological aspirations, but he himself is just a pawn, who's made to suffer for their sake... and the more I think about it, the more I think that fits Newsom to a T. I think that image of Gavin when he was a kid was possibly the last time in his life that he was his own man, and probably not long after is when those around him started molding him into the charlatan he is now. Plus, it's public knowledge that Newsom's related to Nancy Pelosi, and Pelosi's father was hooked in tight with the literal Mob, so that part of it parallels as well. As vile, selfish, and twisted a snake as Newsom is, he's also ironically a powerless puppet, led around by the people that made him become what he is. He is a product of the corrupt elitist culture in this country, and if he'd been born to any middle class family, he might've ended up a decent person, and not this caricature of a human being. permalink phro 1 points 8 hours ago If you think that shit's bad you should see him on the Shawn Ryan podcast: https://imgur.com/a/t7riiLa permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 8 hours ago He sits like he has no testicles. permalink RobinNet 1 points 7 hours ago Well he's a flaming bone smuggler so... permalink CortezWhatakilla 1 points 6 hours ago This whole post is gay as fuck. permalink Lower 1 points 7 hours ago What a fag! permalink Dred27 1 points 7 hours ago His hands show the shape of his gaping vagina that he has between his legs. Fucking faggot. permalink CortezWhatakilla 1 points 6 hours ago Is Gavin gay? Just ask Don jr's wife. He was banging the hell out of her before Don jr showed up. Don jr got sloppy seconds. permalink BurtMcGirt 1 points 8 hours ago That's how he sat in the cuck chair while AB fucked his wife... Allegedly. permalink raptormissle 1 points 8 hours ago Insert Green Dildo here. permalink Nomad899 1 points 8 hours ago Penisless person permalink Prandogolio 1 points 7 hours ago GAVIN HAS A MANGINA! GAVIN HAS A MANGINA! permalink Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 3 hours ago That's how he sits in the cuck chair permalink ecstatic45conman 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink rapskull 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 928 ...the way he sits is so gay. posted 11 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 75 comments