604 Faggot feels defeated upon learning that they can no longer expose other people’s children to their sexual deviation. posted 13 hours ago by mygovisacommie 52 comments 52 comments KuzoKevin 68 points 13 hours ago Quitting would be good for the students. permalink Modern_Times 1 points 3 hours ago Teachers like thix are the problem and they are too mentally deramged to realize it. permalink OK_Parmaker 42 points 13 hours ago GSA advisor = child predator permalink delnaga 15 points 12 hours ago What is GSA? permalink OK_Parmaker 25 points 12 hours ago gay–straight alliance permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 5 points 8 hours ago That's a weird way to spell pedophile... permalink delnaga 4 points 12 hours ago Oh… ugh 😩 permalink asdrubael_was_right 6 points 12 hours ago Six unfuckable fat girls who are gay until they meet an equally unfuckable simp in college and that one dude who was molested by the scoutmaster. Sorry Shaun your mom shouldn’t have let you stay overnight at his house. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 8 points 12 hours ago Grooming some adolescents permalink mygovisacommie OP 11 points 11 hours ago GSA is just a faggot who thinks that being a faggot qualifies them to perform as an unlicensed therapist inside of a public school. They should be fined and imprisoned just like I would be if I tried to practice without a license. permalink Joeshmoe91 24 points 13 hours ago Do it faggot. Quit. And then kill yourself permalink JoeBidenShitHisPants 20 points 13 hours ago How about they/them need to focus on teaching mathematics and sciences instead of gayness permalink bill_in_texas 17 points 12 hours ago +1 vote for quit permalink GallowsTime 6 points 12 hours ago Second permalink magamagashii 11 points 13 hours ago They can't quit because then the communist party won't be able to put sick twisted ideals into our children's heads... permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 10 points 13 hours ago REEE HOW DARE THEY NOT LET ME GRRROOOOOOOM I MUST GROOOOOOMMMM. permalink sixfingerdildo 1 points 9 hours ago Sex ed was a corrupt idea. Don't teach "safe sex", teach marriage! But then said let's teach gay sex. That's an even better idea! And nobody could stop them. Next up was let's teach pedo sex. The culture is already infiltrated with underage sexualization, they were ready for their next slope slip. permalink Apersonofinterest 7 points 12 hours ago If I can't groom kids what is even the point of teaching? ~ this guy permalink Beelzy 7 points 13 hours ago I voted for this! Taste defeat Faggot! permalink SquirreleeDan 6 points 12 hours ago locked post, because god forbid someone say, good please fucking quit permalink delnaga 6 points 12 hours ago She should quit. permalink asdrubael_was_right 5 points 12 hours ago I bet I know how this faggot feels about the 10 commandments being on display in Texas classrooms. permalink Tim_Berframer 5 points 13 hours ago Any afternoon is still open at the Senior Center. permalink HiimHillaryClinton 4 points 12 hours ago I’m down a narcissism rabbit hole lately. There are these things called “covert narcissists” and they get their supply from pretending to be perpetual victims, manipulating and guilt-tripping people to get it. permalink M1kes_Cock 3 points 5 hours ago He should consider self euthanization. permalink Saltish 3 points 11 hours ago I love this so much. SO much. Then again, it must have been nice having these little identifiers for the creepy teachers you knew never to listen to, and never be alone with. permalink RedPillosopher1776 2 points 10 hours ago Sick perverted motherfuckers, school is for education. permalink reeseangle 2 points 7 hours ago Teachers today are open predators permalink CO2_Generator 1 points 6 hours ago They don't even disguise it do they. permalink Raetchel 2 points 8 hours ago winning it should stop by home depot on the way home and buy a rope and bucket permalink AgnesDomini 2 points 5 hours ago So. Much. Winning! permalink PMSocks 2 points 12 hours ago Hey Teacher, Be a good picture frame! permalink Dreddhead13 1 points 59 minutes ago "Someone complained" yeah, probably a student. Tired of that shit I bet. permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 1 points 11 hours ago Good quit. Should be allowed around children anyway. permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 7 hours ago Forcing children to see your genital choice? Leave the kids alone. permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 1 points 8 hours ago Please quit. permalink cj7654 1 points 7 hours ago Homo flag proudly displayed in a classroom . . . for ten YEARS? What is it and their flags? It's like they're an invading force and colonizing public spaces in the name of degeneracy. permalink coffee_grdr 1 points 7 hours ago you're there to teach not indoctrinate kids into tranny culture! permalink CCGJoe 1 points 9 hours ago I voted for this please quit you're mentally ill and have been abusing children mentally. You should be locked up permalink sixfingerdildo 1 points 10 hours ago Go choke yourself. And don't stop permalink KennyUS 1 points 7 hours ago Gee. If that is how you feel don't let the door hit your backside leaving. permalink patriotplus 1 points 4 hours ago Good. git to gitten' Homos need not apply permalink Malfunction 1 points 4 hours ago Mad they can't groom the kids anymore. permalink patriotplus 1 points 4 hours ago someone needs to come up with a straight flag permalink bagel_fragility 1 points 1 hour ago 🇺🇸 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 these seem to do the trick permalink Captain92 1 points 10 hours ago Fuck gay people. And fuck our 44th president for legalizing gay marriage and empowering... no, RADICALIZING these people. But I guess that's why we call him Barack Insane Obummer. permalink HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 10 hours ago Good on the principal. permalink Dev404 1 points 9 hours ago The sick pedo fuck should be in prison, not around kids. permalink n3IVI0 1 points 2 hours ago I agree. You should quit. permalink Abovethefray 1 points 10 hours ago Tiny pride flag seems correct. permalink bagel_fragility 1 points 1 hour ago the kids are delivering these faggot teachers the bullying they deserved but eluded for the last 15-20 years permalink SPEDMan64 1 points 5 hours ago Don't you think it would have made the teaching environment in your classroom a bit hostile knowing all your students were staring at your flag and thinking what a stupid faggot you must be? You'd have to double your Xanax dosage and when that happens you get a -30% modifier to your survival roll for depression. permalink mygovisacommie OP 2 points 5 hours ago If students weren’t paralyzed with fear of having their futures and educations ruined, you know damn well they’d relentlessly clown on any student or teacher flying some gay flag. Just like they did back before the world went mad. We have to go back. permalink blitzkrieg1 1 points 7 hours ago Separation of church and state you religious freak/ permalink 56emptywift109 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 604 Faggot feels defeated upon learning that they can no longer expose other people’s children to their sexual deviation. posted 13 hours ago by mygovisacommie 52 comments