285 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 1 hour ago by FreeFire 19 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com 19 comments asdrubael_was_right 18 points 1 hour ago Holy cats this guy better not eat lunch in any DC parks. permalink whataboob 4 points 24 minutes ago TLDR: the 14th amendment exempts diplomats. The judge ruled according to the 14th. The article sounds like bs. ———————— What’s everyone talking about? I don’t know what that article says but if he ruled that “children of foreign diplomats are not automatically citizens,” then he ruled according to the 14th amendment . The 14th amendment specifically exempts foreign dignitaries, like diplomats. It’s right there, in the text: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States … And SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION THEREOF — diplomats are NOT subject to US jurisdiction and laws, that’s why they can literally kill someone and they can’t be charged with murder, because again, they are not subject to our jurisdiction and laws. That’s what a diplomat is, in case someone didn’t know. Their children, are likewise, NOT subject to our jurisdiction and our laws and can always literally “get away with murder” (but not really “murder” because “murder” is a legal finding in the course of due process that a person killed someone for no good reason, a good reason being for example, self defense — so if they were not found to have murdered someone, then they didn’t murder anyone, though they may have killed someone). permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 9 minutes ago See also: lethal weapon 2 permalink Trooph-Hurts 7 points 58 minutes ago What a setup! Diplomats children not citizens, I love it…. permalink BewareOfThePug 9 points 46 minutes ago Trump classifies all non citizens to be diplomats for their home country. permalink Trooph-Hurts 5 points 31 minutes ago Interesting thought! Don’t diplomats have immunity? But if they are diplomats and here illegally wouldn’t that also make them spies? permalink whataboob -1 points 22 minutes ago F facepalm. That’s what the 14th already says, holy f this site All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States Diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws so their children do not automatically become citizens. But you won’t win that argument in court on regular illegals, because they ARE subject to our laws by having crossed the border. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 6 points 1 hour ago He must have just accidentally checked the wrong box when he was filling out the paper! /s permalink whataboob 1 points 21 minutes ago He did his job. That’s what the 14th says, diplomats are exempt, nothing new except another fake news bs article All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States… For the record, if you didn’t know, foreign diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws. permalink Klown_Kutz 4 points 39 minutes ago This is going to be an even bigger case for our nation than Dobbs when it finally reaches SCOTUS. It's going to come down to Barrett and Roberts. A woman and a Bush Neocon. permalink jughaid 4 points 34 minutes ago This is a very narrow case, but at least they acknowledged "and subject to the jurisdiction thereof"... The interpretation of those 6 words will be the bigger battle in the near future. permalink Drewniverse 2 points 26 minutes ago I like this interpretation of it as well. One of the few underlying judicial foundations that we have. permalink whataboob 0 points 11 minutes ago That interpretation says that “anchor babies” are indeed American citizens, if someone didn’t pick up on that. permalink pizz11 1 points 4 minutes ago Anchor babies perhaps, but illegals not. Also, if it's accepted that anchor babies are citizens laws can be created to prevent them eg include pregnancy on medical reports submitted for visas permalink FreeFire OP 1 points 1 hour ago https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/08/biden-appointed-judge-shockingly-rules-against-birthright-citizenship/ permalink orange_popcicle 1 points 1 hour ago Actual news, from Gateway Pundit?! That's nearly just as shocking, imo. permalink MrGrayson 1 points 59 minutes ago You got that right. 99% of the stories on there are not news, they are just stories! permalink whataboob 1 points 11 minutes ago It’s not news. The 14th already exempts diplomats. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States… permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 1 hour ago Jim Hoft is a pedo permalink 285 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 1 hour ago by FreeFire 19 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com