1114 Unemployed paid protesters. posted 14 hours ago by rdvs34283 84 comments johnny maga @_johnnymaga • 17h Watch how the deranged NPCs reacted to Trump administration officials visiting the National Guard at Union Station in DC: “F—k you Pete! F—king Nazi!” “GET THE F—K OUT OF MY CITYYYY!” Imagine being this passionate about letting criminals roam free. 84 comments DemocratMath 47 points 14 hours ago At times I almost wish they actually got what they voted for. But knowing that everyone else would be fucked too isn't worth it. permalink AmericanForever 13 points 13 hours ago It’s all just going to push people further into the other direction. permalink bobbacringo 5 points 11 hours ago Yeah, I can't wait until you normies become nazis. permalink TheRPatriot 8 points 13 hours ago They’re all such fucking losers permalink FBIsurveillance 1 points 7 hours ago You would have to be a M.A.D man to think otherwise. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 28 points 14 hours ago The unfuckables permalink EyesSewnShut 17 points 13 hours ago You'd be surprised. Men would and do fuck pigs with makeup. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 16 points 13 hours ago I worked in nightclubs for 10 years. Dudes fuck women like they are angry at their dicks and looking for revenge. permalink Hawksendoom 3 points 11 hours ago spills my screwdriver and points! lol yessss! i seen it! permalink The_Emperor 1 points 5 hours ago I'm struggling withe the metaphor.. You're saying that They are so mad at their own Dickson that they must teach them a lesson by making them fuck terrible women? permalink lash 1 points 3 hours ago Perhaps it's the revenge of the snipped dick. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 17 minutes ago Yes permalink yodayoda 1 points 5 hours ago this permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink yodayoda 1 points 5 hours ago yup permalink lash 1 points 4 hours ago Real reason Liberals need immigration. Fresh meat with (very) low standards. permalink freebirdie 15 points 13 hours ago Black dudes will fuck anything. The ugliest biological female I've ever met in person has 2 half breed kids. She's not just fat or ugly, she's both. Full on fuggo. permalink Constitutionalist_73 4 points 12 hours ago Not just black dudes. Closing time at the bar? Yep, anything that looks female can get laid. permalink booblitchutz 3 points 12 hours ago Not just, but yes black dudes. They don’t need to be drunk at closing time. permalink yodayoda 1 points 5 hours ago there are unfortunately white dudes who will fuck anything. i've literally never seen an unfuckable chick. now, unfuckable to me, and maybe you? yes, absolutely. but unfuckable to a large segment of guys? nope. in fact this is why the hoeflation is so bad. even the bottom tier ugly chicks think they deserve chads because so many guys are chasing them. permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 4 points 13 hours ago Yet abortions flow like shitty wine among them permalink GallowsTime 1 points 8 hours ago Could you imagine the murders and crime if they didn't? permalink HelluvaEngineer 18 points 14 hours ago How can they be paid yet unemployed? permalink possibletower 17 points 14 hours ago OP is a retard permalink TheAttackTitan 7 points 10 hours ago I get what he means - they don’t have real jobs, but they get paid to do gig protests. They are otherwise unemployed. permalink OnceADroplet 1 points 7 hours ago I once visited a bar in Placerville named "The Liar's Bench". I asked the owner what the name meant and he told me this: "In Ancient Rome, outside the courthouse, there was an area where people would sit willing to be paid for false testimony by those with legal troubles." I later learned this to be a lie, but I did find a profound truth in the allegory. permalink BigGunky 3 points 12 hours ago Some truths are eternal. This is one of them. permalink posedgeclk 0 points 13 hours ago And is the primary account used by the operators of this site permalink booblitchutz 1 points 12 hours ago I thought Johnny Maga was like an account based in Pakistan or some shit. permalink BigGunky 0 points 12 hours ago You're getting too close to a dangerous conclusion permalink posedgeclk 1 points 11 hours ago "joined 2 years ago" Deported! permalink McFatty7 8 points 14 hours ago Because they got paid in hard-to-trace gift cards. permalink Friendly_B 6 points 13 hours ago My roommates in Boulder got checks in the mail. But, they were organizers, not foot soldiers. permalink Squentin 5 points 13 hours ago Not that difficult to understand//. permalink SquiggyMcPepe 4 points 13 hours ago Because the only 'job' they have is protesting. permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 13 hours ago The department of workforce development. permalink freebirdie 10 points 13 hours ago When I tell you guys it's demons, I'm genuinely not kidding or exaggerating in any way. I'm just glad more and more can see them. permalink Stanwyk74 4 points 12 hours ago Demon possessed for sure permalink TruthyBrat 1 points 9 hours ago Make Exorcisms Great Again! permalink rugburnd 10 points 14 hours ago Anger management failure. permalink dailystreak 7 points 13 hours ago Not sure how they're allowed so close to Vance. They look terribly unhinged. After the attempt on Trump last year, I would think more care should be taken. permalink Live_free_or_die_55 9 points 14 hours ago Arrest them and deport them ❗️ permalink Holyfvck666 8 points 13 hours ago Liberals are mad they’re not letting black people kill each other and steal your shit. permalink McFatty7 8 points 13 hours ago Get the fuck out of my city. You mean Washington DC ...where the White House and Pentagon are located? lolz permalink booblitchutz 3 points 12 hours ago “My city” These faggots don’t live in DC. permalink RedditSucksChinaPoo 7 points 14 hours ago Just smile and wave, that really triggers libtards permalink Patrick_Bateman 7 points 13 hours ago They're all white. The demographic of this group is incongruent with the demographic of DC. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 7 points 13 hours ago Came across this term recently: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Struggle_session Very interesting how all the warning signs of communism are there. It's basically set in stone ya'll. permalink posedgeclk 2 points 13 hours ago That was an alt username of one of the major trolls here and is thrown around frequently by such trolls in their comments. When you see rarely used commie terms show up in comments, pay attention to the users. permalink TruthyBrat 2 points 9 hours ago I've used it because I know history. Imagine having to sit through this struggle session: https://patriots.win/p/HEX9YY1G/-critical-race-theory-in-one-ima/c/ There, I've used it appropriately. permalink Tim_Berframer 6 points 13 hours ago It's not your city. It's mine. So there. permalink bidensmissingbrain 4 points 13 hours ago Our city comrade. permalink Spawnlingman 6 points 13 hours ago You know when their paid to protest like this its a requirement to video themselves or no pay. permalink SilverBackTrump 5 points 13 hours ago These people need to be physically bullied back into obscurity and their holes. They do not belong in society. permalink I_Am_John_Galt 5 points 14 hours ago Oh, they are employed. This IS their job. permalink 3stepsahead 5 points 14 hours ago No one but the media and education are to blame for these morons. permalink Squentin 4 points 13 hours ago These white folks really don't want black neighborhoods to be safe.... permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner 4 points 13 hours ago Out of your city? Out of my country faggot permalink Brownwaterboys 4 points 13 hours ago I almost wish Trump would take anything of value out of DC one night, fly to the new capital, and nuke DC from orbit. permalink PatGarrett 4 points 10 hours ago Imagine being such a loser. permalink 2020Gop 2 points 11 hours ago And Climate Justice 😂🤣😂 Vance should have hollered back "Go Fuck Yourselves Faggots" permalink Deplorable_Citizen 2 points 13 hours ago Arrest them, freeze their assets, jail them, all of this treason from these "protesters" stops. permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 2 points 13 hours ago The pharmaceuticals flowing through veins in those NPCs whew! permalink Tacitus1963 2 points 12 hours ago I hope someone on the Trump team is collating all the footage of the Demtards protesting against things like this. Americans tend to have very short memories. Therefore, a video collage of Demtards doing Demtard things since PDJT was elected again needs to be available prior to the midterms next year. permalink Elric44357 2 points 13 hours ago Liberals are brain-dead zombies spewing whatever MSM tells them to say. permalink Mungo 2 points 13 hours ago All 5 of them. permalink This_will_be_public 2 points 13 hours ago It would be interesting to know how many of these protestors are ex government employees... permalink knnbccb 1 points 9 hours ago Dear unhinged libtards, if they were real 'Nazis', you would be dead long ago. Be grateful you're still allowed to live. Keep pushing your luck, and that might change. permalink Conspiracytheorist 1 points 10 hours ago JD probably thinking, "what the hell? nobody wants to yell FUCK YOU JD?" lol these guys don't give a shit and I love it. permalink Pickles76 1 points 12 hours ago Climate Justice??? <Gandalf meme>. permalink HuntsBiden 1 points 13 hours ago Pete already forgot these losers, but they'll be angry for another 3.5+ years. permalink R3tro 1 points 8 hours ago Something something something free dc permalink Emperorvoid 1 points 13 hours ago If they were truly NAZI's, then those shitlibs would be dead. Nazi's didn't fuck around. You go to a wall, and you get shot. You are lucky if they bother to give you a bit of extra time and question you before they killed you. permalink Owmyballz 1 points 8 hours ago The best thing about this is how emasculated, weak and pathetic the males are yelling like women. permalink Obambi 1 points 13 hours ago Fake actors permalink vongregormench 1 points 13 hours ago How much do they get paid? I’ll take money to stand around and do nothing. I’m not going to actively do anything though. permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 1 points 8 hours ago "Hey everybody, it's the King of the City!" is how you respond to such faggotry. permalink Malfunction 1 points 13 hours ago Probably government employees who need to be identified and their positions permanently eliminated. Not that they aren't getting paid to protest here too but also likely to be in the bureaucracy. permalink raptormissle 1 points 13 hours ago Congress has ultimate authority over D.C. under the Constitution so get the fuck out of our city. permalink knnbccb 1 points 9 hours ago Just take out the source of the money, and all this goes away. Take out the NGOs, I've said this time and time again. permalink GodIsPerfect 0 points 12 hours ago Pede, They’re not “paid protesters“, they’re mercenaries. They’re paid to do a job they would not be willing to do otherwise. If you had to be paid to protest you’re a mercenary. Just like a mercenary writer. Mercenary protestors. Still though, great post. Thank you! permalink 37dwarves -1 points 13 hours ago I wish we were nazis. We'd have order in months. permalink 1114 Unemployed paid protesters. posted 14 hours ago by rdvs34283 84 comments johnny maga @_johnnymaga • 17h Watch how the deranged NPCs reacted to Trump administration officials visiting the National Guard at Union Station in DC: “F—k you Pete! F—king Nazi!” “GET THE F—K OUT OF MY CITYYYY!” Imagine being this passionate about letting criminals roam free.