391 The Republican congress could get rid of mail in ballots overnight. Yet they have not done so - why not? Is it because Republicans are involved in the steal & are running the cover-up?... posted 12 hours ago by JTIM 26 comments 26 comments ChyNahAzzWhole1 10 points 11 hours ago Thats why we cannot primary any rinos... permalink TruthyBrat 7 points 8 hours ago Lara Logan is one of the few real journalists out there. Getting raped by a Muslim mob in Egypt was a serious wake up moment. permalink brassmule 10 points 11 hours ago I'm not sure they could. It would require 60 votes in the Senate and that's not something we have right now. We barely have 51 sometimes. permalink blitzkrieg1 3 points 7 hours ago 51 votes. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I wish. permalink Mungo 6 points 10 hours ago Laura knows. permalink gotyer6 5 points 12 hours ago Maybe because they are a bunch of closet homosexuals and fear exposure. permalink GoodvsEvil2 5 points 11 hours ago the 2 party ew party permalink snakeoil 5 points 12 hours ago How do you think they keep winning primaries? permalink kornesque 5 points 10 hours ago How can US Congress get rid of mail-in voting if the manner of appointing electors is up to the states? I wish it were do-able but how? permalink Kebobez 2 points 7 hours ago Shh stop talking sense. Just piss shit and moan with the rest of us permalink Steve56775 4 points 8 hours ago Cheat by mail needs to be stopped at all costs permalink CT2099 3 points 10 hours ago That's not how congress works, lady permalink splink 3 points 7 hours ago Uniparty once again. permalink yodayoda 2 points 2 hours ago lara logan gets it. permalink mailinvoter 2 points 5 hours ago I blame the US citizens who stood by and let their reps become their leaders because they'd rather watch football and masterbate while being left alone. Just FYI, we are seeing the results of that attitude. The least you can do is pay attention to your local primary elections and vote America First candidates into office. permalink Counterwhat 2 points 2 hours ago Yes. This and only this. Get involved!!!! permalink yodayoda 1 points 2 hours ago somebody gets it permalink Counterwhat 2 points 2 hours ago The Republicans are the Washington generals watching the globetrotters dribble up and down the court before being embarrassingly tea bag dunked on and humiliatingly losing on the way to a big payday. permalink cereal_killer 2 points 12 hours ago Republican agency is a fantasy that Lara is indulging in (like that time she claimed to be gang-raped by Egyptians). You need 60 votes to pass legislation in the senate, Lara. Last I checked, the GOP had 53 seats, and at least 4 of them are hostile... at least 4. permalink imminent_ban -7 points 12 hours ago Nonsense. Constitutional amendment would be required. That’s not happening. permalink JTIM OP 11 points 12 hours ago Nonsense. I don't remember a Constitutional amendment to get mail-in ballots in the first place. permalink imminent_ban 1 points 10 hours ago State’s Rights. It’s already part of the Constitution. Try reading. permalink JTIM OP 1 points 3 hours ago Quit being stupid. Covid gave us mail-in ballot/election fraud. Can you post a link to your Constitutional amendment for mail in ballots? zzzzzz permalink imminent_ban 1 points 27 minutes ago US Constitution explicitly provides it is a State Right to determine means of elections. No Constitutional amendment necessary. zzzzzzzzz permalink wmmiv2016v2 4 points 11 hours ago Nonsense. permalink imminent_ban 0 points 10 hours ago Ignorance. Try reading. permalink 391 The Republican congress could get rid of mail in ballots overnight. Yet they have not done so - why not? Is it because Republicans are involved in the steal & are running the cover-up?... posted 12 hours ago by JTIM 26 comments