613 Serial pedo to be castrated under new law (www.dailymail.co.uk) 🏆 CANT STOP WINNING 🏆 posted 2 hours ago by neosin 99 comments Serial pedophile to be surgically castrated under American first law A Louisiana man has agreed to be castrated as part of a plea deal after he was caught trying to sexually assault a 7-year-old child-- the most recent of many victims. www.dailymail.co.uk 99 comments IAmRetard 54 points 2 hours ago Then, Woodchipper permalink Platinum28 39 points 2 hours ago Castration by woodchipper.... ultra ultra low speed setting permalink Keep_on_Trumpin 17 points 2 hours ago Manual crank permalink Platinum28 8 points 2 hours ago Lemon juice as lubricant permalink Gletkin 7 points 1 hour ago We have very creative people on this site. permalink view 1 more comments... ZacPetkanas 1 points 20 minutes ago Does the condemned have to turn the crank themselves? “A large and heavy spike will fall on your head and kill you unless you turn this crank. But there’s a small catch…” permalink yodayoda 1 points 1 hour ago i prefer a hammer and anvil approach for this particular situation, but woodchipper in general. permalink HumblePepe 1 points 53 minutes ago Feet first? permalink Platinum28 2 points 44 minutes ago Its a castration... nuts first permalink OK_Parmaker 1 points 51 minutes ago SOP for pedos. permalink BigMikesLeftNut 1 points 1 hour ago With rusty blades permalink Gotmygoose 2 points 44 minutes ago Probably wants the government to pay for bottom surgery. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 37 points 2 hours ago Taking away his balls is a good start, but it's a mental illness as well. permalink WooseTheMoose 10 points 2 hours ago Yeah, I just thought about that. Is it actually they're going to take his balls or the entire thing? permalink EvilGreed209 5 points 2 hours ago without his balls his libido will be gone and he will have no urge for sex as can't get hard or bust anything so its worthless. permalink booblitchutz 26 points 2 hours ago Is abusing children dictated by libido? Would castrating him fix his mental illness? I’m not against it, just saying maaaaaaaybe this guy should just be permanently removed from society. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 16 points 2 hours ago As someone who's worked in a prison in medicine, I've been forced to have to consider this question. Is it sexual desire perverted or is it sadism that exists outside of the pathway of sexual arousal? The answer imho is both, to a varying degree depending on the sex offender. IOW castration is not enough to protect children. permalink Arwen777 8 points 1 hour ago In my opinion it's demonic possession. I dunno if you guys are aware of the old man named "Albert Fish" who was one of the most horrific and evil Sado- masochists I've ever heard about. He kidnapped, tortured, killed and cannibalized children in the most horrific ways possible. He even wrote graphic letters to some of the parents about the details of his horrific crimes. He not only enjoyed inflicting pain but he also enjoyed inflicting pain on himself. He did horrible things to himself as well. In fact when the parents of the victims were invited to watch him die by electric chair, Albert Fish was actually excited because he felt he was "about to experience a new adventure." He even gleefully helped the guards strap him in the chair. He enjoyed pain. The reason I bring this up is if a human being can be THAT far gone then yeah, maybe just eliminating them from society completely is the best option. I don't know how human beings can be so damn nasty and all I can think of is demonic possession. permalink view 1 more comments... Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 2 hours ago Plenty of criminals out their that abuse and beat their victims without raping them. So I don't see how these two things are tied together myself. permalink Illuminaughty 3 points 1 hour ago I have read about how chemical castration and the like often leads to these pedos still seeking a dopamine hit by penetrating and abusing these kids with instruments instead. I suspect it’s like suboxone for addicts. The ones that want to get better can use it as a tool, but it won’t really help those that don’t. permalink Calumet57 5 points 1 hour ago The only solution for this type of defectiveness is execution. The only closure for victims and families is execution. The only response to the highest rate of recidivism is execution. The least cost burden to society is execution. Castration is not chopping off balls. It's faggoty hormone therapy, creating a risk of transfer to women's prison. permalink Andover 2 points 2 hours ago Yes, castrating monsters stops their urges to be monstrous. We should take zero chances when it comes to children. Our government has a bad habit of releasing child r@pists so they can flee back to lsraeI. This happened twice this week. They treat America like a candy store, our politicians like the store owners and our children like consumables. permalink booblitchutz 2 points 1 hour ago But it doesn’t fix mental illness, and isn’t that the problem? Castrate them, sure. Take away one avenue, but my point is they probably should just never see freedom again. permalink DeaduponArousal 1 points 30 seconds ago No. It’s not an “illness” or a “sickness” or even a “proclivity”; it’s abusive evil. There is no fixing evil. These people need to be put down. Ignoring evil only serves to create more evil and is arguably even worse. permalink RolandDelacroix 14 points 2 hours ago This has been tried, they still abuse. It's a mental illness not a sexual drive. permalink EvilGreed209 7 points 2 hours ago well im all for just throwing him in a gas chamber but the pussy liberals cry a damn river. permalink ParticleCannon 3 points 1 hour ago Tell you what, we can compromise. Gas chamber but he can get out after a year for good behavior. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 5 points 1 hour ago They've actually done studies on chemical castration. It works on normal people, but pedophiles reoffend through molestation. The only answer is the wood chipper. permalink lockgr2002 2 points 1 hour ago Theoretically, he could get on testosterone therapy to regain it. But hopefully he'll be dead before he gets out in 40 years anyways. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 1 hour ago If he's heading to Angola prison, it's likely he won't make it. permalink MegoThor 1 points 1 hour ago It’s a desire for violence and children are the easiest victims. Cutting his junk off won’t fix that. permalink Taylor3006 1 points 36 seconds ago Yeah the idea that this will "cure" a pedo is stupid. Understand that it won't even stop sexual activity. Not sure why people think that losing your balls makes you impotent. Just makes you unable to produce sperm, you can still ejaculate. Even if we cut their junk completely off, they can still molest kids. The only cure is to put these people down like you would a rabid animal. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 33 points 2 hours ago Just shoot him and be done with it permalink Illuminaughty 4 points 1 hour ago Sometimes therapeutic lead is the only answer 🫤 permalink UncleTrumpsBand 1 points 2 hours ago *shoot him in the dick permalink Zippythekid 16 points 2 hours ago The left will say that it’s barbaric. But when the child who was molested comes to them years later confused about their gender they will do it to them out of compassion. permalink DrJosephWarren 4 points 1 hour ago It's the same drug they use on children to trans them permalink zlzvbmj 1 points 22 minutes ago Surgically is different from chemically, no? permalink Rebellion32 15 points 2 hours ago If only we can stop allowing the Israeli pesos to escape... permalink booblitchutz 6 points 2 hours ago But the exchange rate for the Israeli peso is pretty good right now, isn’t it? permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 14 points 2 hours ago Wrong punishment. Just eliminate him. permalink UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 2 hours ago Too quick. Needs to suffer permalink PeakClownWorldYet 1 points 47 minutes ago Doesn't gotta be quick permalink Chad_Prime 1 points 48 minutes ago woodchipper, feet first. permalink builditbro 10 points 2 hours ago Castrate his head from his body permalink yodayoda 2 points 1 hour ago this permalink DCPower 7 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 2 hours ago I will. Got a call from him for fundraising and it is on my to do list. Thanks, fren! permalink Themis595 7 points 2 hours ago Ages ago I read that castrating these guys can also be useless, that they will continue to rape with whatever they can use. Really ghastly. permalink RusherOfDin 7 points 2 hours ago There are a lot of historical accounts of castrated men still engaging in sexual activity. This guy should not be released back into the public even if they do cut his balls off. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 2 hours ago Hopefully he won't make it through the forty year sentence. permalink least_counties_ever 5 points 1 hour ago Just hang him. Why this gay shit? permalink RolandDelacroix 5 points 2 hours ago They've tried this, they still abuse kids as it's more mental than sexual. permalink MrJinxy 2 points 1 hour ago Lobotomy permalink ThouShallNotSteal 5 points 52 minutes ago Fuck that, just end the bastard's life. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 2 hours ago He has a 40 year sentence which is reduced since he agreed on castration surgically and chemically. It's just such a burden on the rest of us that it should be a death sentence. We really have to get more serious about hunting pedophiles and pushing for the death sentence. They aren't afraid to be caught, THEY ARE AFRAID OF DEATH. permalink Gunmolester 3 points 55 minutes ago so now will they make him take the same drugs they give little boys to trans them? permalink Hikedelics 1 points 13 minutes ago AFTER they cut his shit off. He’s getting both chemical and physical castration. permalink MakingArrowsOrange 3 points 13 minutes ago Cut his whole, the entire cock off. Then woodchipper. permalink MrJinxy 3 points 1 hour ago It should be lobotomy. permalink RealTXPatriot 3 points 1 hour ago Dudes been at this so long he doesnt know how to be civilized. Needs put down. permalink barwhack 2 points 2 hours ago LA FTW. permalink Donold 2 points 2 hours ago use a minigun next time. permalink Jesse3000 2 points 56 minutes ago No anaesthesia and live TV will deter some I’m sure. permalink destroyer713 2 points 1 hour ago You amputated the head instead? Oh NO! permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 1 hour ago Cutting off his balls won’t stop his behavior. permalink Covefefe 2 points 2 hours ago Looks like Ukrainian dwarf. Can we get him next? permalink clownworld30330 2 points 28 minutes ago Castration doesn't do anything. At best it will reduce the frequency of erections for him, but it won't reduce his interest in children. Ask any troon who's had bottom surgeries. Evil is not embodied in testosterone. Getting castrated is not a way to be virtuous. permalink Hikedelics 2 points 14 minutes ago Every now and then Louisiana surprises everyone (especially Louisianians) and gets something right. permalink n3IVI0 2 points 1 hour ago Bullet in the brainpan. permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 1 hour ago He'll be taken care of by fellow inmates. He won't last more than 2 years. permalink HuntsBiden 2 points 12 minutes ago Sometimes dead is better permalink YodaBannon 2 points 2 hours ago bye bye dickhead permalink ScarlettOMaga 2 points 2 hours ago Other states should take note. Off with the junk! He'll have chemical and physical castration (physical just became inacted and it's the only state to do so), then serve forty years. Hopefully, this serial pedo won't make it. permalink Genji_Sama 2 points 2 hours ago FYI castration does not remove the penis. Physical castration removes the testicles, and chemical castration sterilizes you. Neither prevent reoffence. permalink NYforTrump 2 points 1 hour ago Chemical castration is the same medication that the left gives to children and calls them "puberty blockers". permalink canada_is_communist 2 points 2 hours ago Not. Good. Soon it will be people opposed to the government... permalink flabbergast 2 points 2 hours ago Chemical of Ballz gone ? i vote for the second. permalink ScarlettOMaga 1 points 2 hours ago Both chemical and physical. Louisiana is the only state to allow physical and that's been a fairly new law. This guy has a history of raping children. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 9 minutes ago Do it by tying his dick to a very sturdy object on the roof of a 80 foot high building, using a 60 foot rope. Then push him off. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 1 points 1 hour ago OK, but why the DOJ requested unsealing Maxwell's jury files, since they knew beforehand that the judge was going to deny it? It's so they have a lame excuse to throw to MAGA as a bone? permalink Steve56775 1 points 47 minutes ago So, turning him into a liberal is his punishment? permalink Maganifice7 1 points 8 minutes ago He was already a liberal. permalink Agent_Orange 1 points 8 minutes ago Castrate him around the neck. Televise it. permalink NotTheCIADonotWorry 1 points 8 minutes ago What will they do about the Muslim rape gangs permalink FiresideRant 1 points 6 minutes ago Civilization will crumble and the human race will go extinct if we do not learn to execute pedophiles and violent offenders. permalink wbarmy 1 points 1 hour ago I agree with most of these comments about the failure of castration in stopping the mental illness. But, castrating him might send a message to others that they really don't want to go down this lane. People can control themselves if the punishment is bad enough. permalink RationalThought 1 points 1 hour ago "We will knock five years off your sentence if we can cut your balls off". You have no idea how many guys would take that offer, diddling kids or not. permalink PatriotPress27 1 points 2 hours ago Anyone else read the actual story? It was written by either a foreigner, AI, or someone with the education of a 3rd grader. permalink covfefecat 1 points 53 minutes ago .uk permalink Jimboslice73 1 points 2 hours ago While they're down there, give him a penectomy also. Make him a nullo. permalink Illah88zillah 1 points 2 hours ago Bullets are cheaper. You cant fix a demonic reprobate, you just need to shoot them permalink knnbccb 1 points 53 seconds ago Castration is meaningless if it is not done Mortal Kombat fatality style. permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 2 hours ago Say Sayanara to you Sex Life buddy, good night sweet prince. permalink RedDon 1 points 1 hour ago Oh, the pedo needs to agree to it? I think that model needs some work. permalink Impotent_Weasel 1 points 9 minutes ago This doesn’t help, you’re literally giving them the same medication they give to trannies to make them stop testosterone. The only thing that will stop this is genital mutilation. This is only going to create more faggots that’ll still go after kids. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 1 hour ago OK, why is Vance pivoting out away from Trump in regard of the Eps***n files? Is he beginning to prepare a coup? Being the first to get there when Trump finally (thank God!) collapses into a painful oblivion? permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 613 Serial pedo to be castrated under new law (www.dailymail.co.uk) 🏆 CANT STOP WINNING 🏆 posted 2 hours ago by neosin 99 comments Serial pedophile to be surgically castrated under American first law A Louisiana man has agreed to be castrated as part of a plea deal after he was caught trying to sexually assault a 7-year-old child-- the most recent of many victims. www.dailymail.co.uk