537 In a stunning victory for President Trump, Washington DC went 7 days straight with *zero* homicides. posted 1 hour ago by Looniz74 PRO 61 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 1h 🚨 BREAKING: In a stunning victory for President Trump, Washington DC went 7 days straight with *zero* homicides. The plan is working - the Democrats were wrong, again. 61 comments YodaBannon 32 points 1 hour ago time to scale this on a national level MAGAAA permalink Spindle-spin 12 points 1 hour ago This. Army and National Guard in every city and town. Criminals aren't just in Washington DC. The Defense budget needs to be doubled, but we can manage that. The money always shows up when we need it. permalink BadManOrange 10 points 46 minutes ago Cities? sure. Towns? Not necessary. permalink LabTech 2 points 11 minutes ago I suppose it'd depend on the ambient crime rate; I imagine the suburbs around the rotting Democrat cores aren't much better than the cores themselves. Obviously, the redder the city, the less help it'd need, and some small town in the Midwest doesn't need Federal troops, but I don't see a problem with having some do sweeps through the more problematic satellite communities. permalink okboomer59 8 points 38 minutes ago pull troops back from overseas, put them on border, coast send all reserves to backstop police permalink 9999999999 2 points 30 minutes ago Why don't we just arrest all Democrat leadership of these cities? Trump just proved allowing crime and violence is a choice these politicians have deliberately made. Arrest them for conspiracy to commit murder, try them, then execute them and keep doing that until the people elect conservatives. I'd rather not pay another trillion dollars a year to keep 13%ers and illegals in line. People don't join the military to deal with rabid 13%ers either. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 28 minutes ago big state assholes once again want to militarize domestic affairs without getting off the couch to solve problems themselves permalink NotYourMan 1 points 1 minute ago The crime statistics from DC was garbage. Purposely changed to reflect less crime just like the FBI crime statistics during Joe Biden's occupation of the WH. We are waiting for the updated crime data over the past four or five years so that we can judge the quality of Trump's efforts. Get the correct crime data and we expect it to be much worse showing that Trump's efforts are truly incredible. permalink ActNow 22 points 56 minutes ago Wow. The crime rate had to be pretty bad when you can celebrate 7 days with no murders. permalink airborne3502 8 points 45 minutes ago Reminds me of one of those safety signs, in a factory, indicating how many days it's been since a work-related accident. permalink ConsrvspkgNJ 6 points 42 minutes ago Go to the front gate of any military installation. They all have those "X Days Since Last DUI Death" (or similar calamity). We used to get a free day off if we reached 101 days of no DUI deaths. I think in 4 years at Fort Campbell it happened once. permalink airborne3502 2 points 35 minutes ago 101, I like that. I'm sure they've got one right there at gate 4. Probably at the Cat West too, if it's even still there. permalink ActNow 1 points 12 minutes ago Why do I imagine soldiers getting drunk on their day off? Lol. permalink Assault-Covfefe 5 points 37 minutes ago DC has always had it's shit parts. Those places have ebbed and flowed for decades as areas get redeveloped (Nats stadium, the verizon center, etc). But in the last 10 years it's really gone down hill everywhere. Bums, feral youfs, etc. No place is really safe. permalink okboomer59 3 points 36 minutes ago We were averaging 3-4 homicides a week before Trump brought in the cavalry it was more than 9 per week back in 1991 permalink ActNow 1 points 7 minutes ago When I saw their chart showing worse crime than in Bogotá and other crappy cities, I knew it was bad. This is just another metric that is shocking. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 21 points 1 hour ago Democrats just want more people to die. They worship DEATH. 🪦 Simple as. permalink rebuildingMyself 10 points 51 minutes ago They are far more concerned with losing face than to take responsibility and do the right thing. They went all-in on racial/woke politics to the point they were letting certain races off with no bail or even no charges, then desperately trying to project any violence on racism or White people. A good quote from the Wire sums it up: "You'd rather live in shit than let the world see you work a shovel" permalink WooseTheMoose 7 points 1 hour ago Even if they're were 0 homicides nation wide, the demoncrats still get their deaths through abortion. Evil and sick. permalink Klown_Kutz 7 points 1 hour ago Are we sure it wasn't due to spending billions on after school programs, community recreation centers, and stop the violence programs that tell black people to stop acting like black people? permalink 556x45mm 1 points 26 minutes ago I'm pretty sure it was the billions that taxpayers sent to unaccountable NGOs to fight global warming. permalink Prof_Smith 6 points 1 hour ago When is the last time that happened? permalink sumnayin2 13 points 58 minutes ago When it was full of white people permalink Bohemyth_2 5 points 1 hour ago "stunning" to eric daughery must be akin to his reaction to the payoff he was offered to gatekeep maga permalink flashersenpai 1 points 27 minutes ago reposter who adds no value to anything and caught lobbying for sugar companies real piece of shit! permalink Looniz74 OP PRO 3 points 1 hour ago https://x.com/EricLDaugh/status/1958519498245337277 permalink FatigueIsReal 2 points 46 minutes ago While they are doing great on attacking the symptoms, whats the plan for the root causes? DC law enforcement and DAs need to change how they are operating. Enabling inner cities to leech off the government needs to stop. Making punishments extreme to discourage repeat offenses. permalink LaterGator 2 points 1 hour ago Impressive results permalink KekistanPM 2 points 49 minutes ago 7 days without homicides is racist fascism REEEEEEE!!!! permalink SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 49 minutes ago Over 465 criminals were arrested and taken off the streets of DC, they had to be the same criminals committing all the crimes daily, day after day. This is the homeless population as well since they were also removed from camps. This short study of city safety means years of Democrat policies of releasing criminals back to the streets failed miserably. We now have proof of failed D policies that destroy lives. permalink AdmrlNelson 1 points 21 minutes ago This is great news, but is it really “BREAKING!!!” when it’s something that takes a week to happen? So tired of the clickbait in tweets. permalink PickUpThatCan 1 points 20 minutes ago Put this show on the road. Embarrass every democrat mayor and governor. Show up, drop crime for a month, enforce laws that have always been there. Then leave. People will vote differently. permalink Concerned__Citizen 1 points 6 minutes ago To be honest, this is quite incredible... If before you told me that Trump was going to take over and lay down the hammer of law, and there'd be ZERO homicides for a week... I probably would have put money down to say, ok, zero might be a tad too far... I bet you at least ONE homicide would happen in a week. That's just incredible. God bless Trump. permalink SparkleMTN 1 points 18 minutes ago "more police=less crime" The fact that this is not shouted from the roof tops is beyond me. permalink bringbackthe80s 1 points 30 minutes ago "Hands off our murder, BIGOTS!!!" permalink Hanrahan 1 points 16 minutes ago Maybe it's just the "blackout" we have been hearing them threaten us with. permalink IncredibleMrE1 1 points 43 minutes ago Wow this is racist. permalink WhatsFappening 1 points 54 minutes ago Democrats-quick somebody kill somebody. permalink HKMachine 1 points 28 minutes ago While this is good news, not including the base stats really shows how terrible news as a whole is. Any delta should include both numbers but they never do. permalink ecto_coolest 1 points 40 minutes ago I’m ready for Trump to just declare martial law and become a legit dictator. If the left is going to always call him that then he might as well… permalink okboomer59 1 points 40 minutes ago this is exactly what the Dems were scared of permalink mytummyhurts 1 points 39 minutes ago Now realize they could have done this AT ANY TIME. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 25 minutes ago sugar shill with a BREAKING repost on twitter how illuminating permalink overblod -3 points 1 hour ago But why is he letting pedos run away? permalink BlackFolk 2 points 1 hour ago Name one pedophile (with proof) that he’s letting “run away”. permalink overblod 3 points 48 minutes ago Tom Artiom Alexandrovich permalink Andover 3 points 47 minutes ago Tom Alexandrovich, top lsraeli National Cyber Directorate official. Just one of many lsraeIis. So vile that they drag America down to their filthy level. permalink Danofdestiny 3 points 1 hour ago Didn't that Israeli cyber-threat intelligence officer get let go when caught up in a sting in Vegas? permalink WooseTheMoose 2 points 1 hour ago Prince Andrew permalink Trump2020or4eva -4 points 1 hour ago Who has the proof.... stupid ass take. Secret courts and secret documents have no place in our government as it pertains to criminal charges. permalink Prof_Smith 3 points 1 hour ago If they are secret documents that list people, how do you know about them? permalink Trump2020or4eva -2 points 1 hour ago “The Party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command.” https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://www.youtube.com/shorts/ohPJk8Ukbpo&ved=2ahUKEwiTh_K8g5yPAxU07ckDHXLsK3U4ChAWegQINBAB&usg=AOvVaw0bnuiLJ8g3IQFPtmXoglzw You are a bootlicking sheep, I'm sorry you were so easily manipulated by the government. permalink view 1 more comments... BlackFolk 2 points 1 hour ago Whole lotta words in there, not one name. permalink Prof_Smith 1 points 39 minutes ago My bet, he's full of shit or his name is on the list so he knows it exists. permalink Trump2020or4eva -1 points 1 hour ago https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://www.youtube.com/shorts/ohPJk8Ukbpo&ved=2ahUKEwiTh_K8g5yPAxU07ckDHXLsK3U4ChAWegQINBAB&usg=AOvVaw0bnuiLJ8g3IQFPtmXoglzw They have the list. She told us she did, as plain as day. How dumb are you. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 26 minutes ago oh come on they didn't run away they just "returned" as is their "right" permalink Andover -5 points 1 hour ago There were less than two murders per week in DC during Biden's administration. permalink Bigsweaties 4 points 1 hour ago I'll take zero over whatever number you pulled out your ass. permalink Andover 1 points 50 minutes ago I'm sorry official DC crime statistics ruined your life. But I think it's worth putting things in perspective given we have far bigger fish to fry, like draining the swamp and the Epstein records. permalink Quest723 0 points 9 minutes ago Retarded fucker. We know they under-report. You fucking moron. permalink okboomer59 1 points 27 minutes ago Comment removed by spam filter, pending further review. permalink 537 In a stunning victory for President Trump, Washington DC went 7 days straight with *zero* homicides. posted 1 hour ago by Looniz74 PRO 61 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 1h 🚨 BREAKING: In a stunning victory for President Trump, Washington DC went 7 days straight with *zero* homicides. The plan is working - the Democrats were wrong, again.