933 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 5 hours ago by FreeFire 74 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com 74 comments asdrubael_was_right 46 points 5 hours ago Holy cats this guy better not eat lunch in any DC parks. permalink whataboob 27 points 4 hours ago TLDR: the 14th amendment exempts diplomats. The judge ruled according to the 14th. The article sounds like bs. ———————— What’s everyone talking about? I don’t know what that article says but if he ruled that “children of foreign diplomats are not automatically citizens,” then he ruled according to the 14th amendment . The 14th amendment specifically exempts foreign dignitaries, like diplomats. It’s right there, in the text: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States … And SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION THEREOF — diplomats are NOT subject to US jurisdiction and laws, that’s why they can literally kill someone and they can’t be charged with murder, because again, they are not subject to our jurisdiction and laws. That’s what a diplomat is, in case someone didn’t know. Their children, are likewise, NOT subject to our jurisdiction and our laws and can always literally “get away with murder” (but not really “murder” because “murder” is a legal finding in the course of due process that a person killed someone for no good reason, a good reason being for example, self defense — so if they were not found to have murdered someone, then they didn’t murder anyone, though they may have killed someone). permalink War_Hamster 34 points 4 hours ago It was the Wong Kim Ark case of 1898 that established that children of foreign diplomats were not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" when it came to birthright citizenship. It was not until the Vienna Convention of Diplomatic Relations until 1961 that "diplomatic immunity" was established. The two issues often get convoluted because "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" is misinterpreted. If the US were to hold a draft, neither the child of a foreign diplomat nor the child of an illegal alien would be subject to the draft. Therefore neither is subject to the full jurisdiction of the US. In other words, birthright citizenship should be overturned. permalink Gotmygoose 14 points 4 hours ago Here's a more recent case: Hoda Muthana is a U.S.-born woman who left Alabama in 2014 to join ISIS in Syria at age 20. She was recruited to join to the Islamic State. Though born in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1994, her father was a Yemeni diplomat at the time, which disqualified her from birthright citizenship under U.S. law. She married three jihadist fighters, was widowed twice, and had a son while living in ISIS-controlled territory. She posted extremist content, including calls for violence, though later claimed she was manipulated and regretted her actions. In 2019, a federal judge ruled she was not a U.S. citizen. The Supreme Court declined to hear her appeal in 2022. She remains in a refugee camp in Syria, expressing a desire to return to the U.S. and face legal consequences permalink HOSEQ 1 points 2 hours ago It's just too bad that soo many people have ""OPINIONS"" of what is, when it really isn't.... She is Purposely Excluded because at the time of her Birth, her Father was an ACTIVE DIPLOMAT, and not just on Stand By, or she WOULD BE a Federal Citizen, Naturalized BY the 14th Amendment.... permalink glow-operator-2-0 0 points 2 hours ago Typical woman moment. permalink 24601 6 points 2 hours ago I really like using the draft as an argument. Hopefully that subject is addressed in the opinions from SCOTUS. I would love to read the hocus-pocus counter argument bypassing the draft example. permalink War_Hamster 6 points 2 hours ago Citizenship has always come down to loyalty. If you can't be called on the fight for your country, but can be called to fight for another, your loyalty becomes pretty clear. permalink view 3 more comments... flashersenpai 1 points 32 minutes ago I really like using the draft as an argument. Then women shouldn't have birthright citizenship either. permalink Liberty49220 4 points 3 hours ago The plaintiff in that case was sympathetic. As I recall, Kim's parents were Chinese but living in the United States legally when Kim was born. Kim was denied reentery after visiting his relatives in China during a wave of anti-Chinese bias. The old maxim is true, hard cases make bad law. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 2 hours ago LIAR.... It was the Wong Kim Ark case of 1898 that established that children of foreign diplomats were not "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" when it came to birthright citizenship. THAT is a COMPLETE LIE.... THIS IS THE TRUTH WITH CAVEATS:: United States v. Wong Kim Ark No. 18 Argued March 5, 8, 1897 Decided March 28, 1898 169 U.S. 649 APPEAL FROM THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA Syllabus A child born in the United States, of parents of Chinese descent, who, at the time of his birth, are subjects of the Emperor of China, but have a permanent domicil and residence in the United States, and are there carrying on business, and are not employed in any diplomatic or official capacity under the Emperor of China, becomes at the time of his birth a citizen of the United States, by virtue of the first clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution, "All person born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside." https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ Ok, so HOW MANY of the Foreigners we call ILLEGAL INVADERS, would you say fall under the specific Category of ""Foreign Diplomats""??? It's a Simple Question that NOBODY wants to answer, and yet, EVERYONE here claims they are ""ALL OF A SUDDEN"" Experts on the 14th Amendment.... I've studied the 14th and 15th Amendments for almost two DECADES, I know the THINKING behind their Creation, and the Evil Reasoning it took to create both of them, and I'm not an Expert like all the JOHNNY COME LATELYS here on PDW.... permalink War_Hamster 1 points 46 minutes ago Well, I'm sure I'll be seeing you at this event in South Carolina so you can educate the speakers there. https://www.abbevilleinstitute.org/events/ Also, could you try to write in a manner that's a bit easier to read? permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 4 hours ago See also: lethal weapon 2 permalink KernalMustard 1 points 51 minutes ago Diplomatic Imm....un..ity permalink HOSEQ 1 points 2 hours ago Sure, Diplomats and their Children are Obviously Exempt, and IF they do actually Murder someone, the most that can happen to them is for THEIR Nation or Feeration to charge them with ""Creating an International Incident"", which is always seen as a ""Prelude To War"", so the way the LAW, International Law, sees it is Correct.... The Main Part, the Real Issue, that they always skirt is that FOREIGNERS of any type, are NOT Subject to our Jurisdiction, BECAUSE they are FOREIGNERS, ILLEGALS INCLUDED.... BUT, the U.S. Congress has completely IGNORED that and without Proper Legislation, has made the Claim that ILLEGAL ALIEN INVADERS, can come here, and Drop an ANCHOR BABY, and because it falls under ""JUS SOLI"", being ""BORN ON THE LAND"", aka ""Born IN one of the States"", it is automatically a ""Article 4 Section 2, STATE CITIZEN"", which makes them, ""Subject to ""A"" Jurisdiction"", and in turn, THAT places them into the 14th Amendment ""Subject to THE Jurisdiction"", meaning ""Subject to CONGRESS's Jurisdiction"".... The Obviousness of this is IMPORTANT, because it tells you HOW LONG we have had DemonRats and RINOs running the FEDERAL CLOWN SHOW in D.C., it tells you HOW THEY THINK, and how they make the COURTS jump through hoops in order to seriously Mess up our Laws and our FEDERAL GOVERNMENT along with its Member Nations Laws and the Various American Societies with in THE UNION.... James Gillespy Blaine himself said it was NOT ONLY for the Freed Slaves, but for the WHITE MAN ALSO, which IF you know anything about IMMIGRANTS of THAT TIME, meaning Immigrants of the mid 1800s, to the Present Time, the Majority of Immigrants USED TO, come here from Europe, so in that light, he was laying CLAIM OF OWNERSHIP to Children Born of Immigrants from Europe who may have returned to Europe, granted most chose to stay, and many actually took the time and Effort to become Naturalized.... permalink Fecklessgod 1 points 3 hours ago Sounds like a bs article. It only matters of a ruling clearly bars anchor babies from citizenship. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago It's only ""BS"", because YOU haven't studied the 14th Am3end., in DETAIL, with a Law Dictionary.... And also because YOU followed the OPINIONS of ALL those Johnny Come Latelys that also Did Not Study the 14th Amend. in Detail, but sure did have some OPINIONS that they refused to change when presented with the Truth.... Just slowly Read the First paragraph of the syllabus: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink AndanteAndante -1 points 3 hours ago Aren’t illegals Subject to the Jurisdiction of the U.S. since they have to obey our laws? permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago Maybe you should ask them HOW MANY ILLEGALS have we put IN PRISON??? How many MORE could be PUT IN PRISON for Crimes such as Murder, Rape, and such??? They REFUSE to answer those, BECAUSE that means that WE can Prosecute them, meaning that they actually ARE Subject to our Laws and Jurisdictions.... The ONLY ONES who are EXEMPT, are Children of FOREIGN DIPLOMATS, and not everyone else.... But, since this subject came up like 4 years ago, NONE of those People on PDW who claim to be ""ALL OF A SUDDEN"" EXPERTS on the 14th Amend., will directly answer this part of the questions, it slams up against their Normalcy Bias too hard, and they'll have to Admit that we have LAWS that even Foreign Illegal Invaders have to obey, and in that light, they ARE Subject to the Jurisdiction.... permalink mundania -3 points 3 hours ago Yes. So unless and until the Constitution is amended their children born here are citizens. permalink glow-operator-2-0 2 points 2 hours ago Aren’t illegals Subject to the Jurisdiction of the U.S. since they have to obey our laws? Aren't Americans subject to other countries' laws whilst in their borders? If they act up, aren't they deported? u/AndanteAndante , learn to think. As for u/mundania Enjoy your downvote. permalink AndanteAndante 1 points 2 hours ago Well THAT sucks. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 18 points 5 hours ago He must have just accidentally checked the wrong box when he was filling out the paper! /s permalink whataboob 5 points 4 hours ago He did his job. That’s what the 14th says, diplomats are exempt, nothing new except another fake news bs article All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States… For the record, if you didn’t know, foreign diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 4 hours ago Yes I'm aware of that, the article even quotes that argument: In 2018, the government reviewed its records and found that Moncada’s father served as an attaché, not a consul, when Moncada was born. Unlike a consul, an attaché and his family possess full diplomatic immunity. So, the government now asserted, Moncada was not born “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States. Therefore, he was not a birthright citizen. The joke was that most dems would either reject that or simply not understand it. /s is meant to signal that the previous statement was simply sarcasm, aka a joke. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago First paragraph of the Syllabus:: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink Trooph-Hurts 15 points 5 hours ago What a setup! Diplomats children not citizens, I love it…. permalink BewareOfThePug 17 points 5 hours ago Trump classifies all non citizens to be diplomats for their home country. permalink Trooph-Hurts 10 points 5 hours ago Interesting thought! Don’t diplomats have immunity? But if they are diplomats and here illegally wouldn’t that also make them spies? permalink GorillaTactics 1 points 3 hours ago They may have immunity, but they can also be expelled unilaterally permalink mundania 2 points 2 hours ago Diplomatic status has to be requested by the sending country. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago And just how many ""ILLEGAL ALIENS"" do you know of that fall under the Category of ""Foreign Diplomats""??? permalink whataboob -6 points 4 hours ago F facepalm. That’s what the 14th already says, holy f this site All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States Diplomats are NOT subject to our jurisdiction and laws so their children do not automatically become citizens. But you won’t win that argument in court on regular illegals, because they ARE subject to our laws by having crossed the border. permalink Kraken_V_Algorithm 6 points 2 hours ago It doesn't say "and laws". You're just making shit up now. The whole reason for diplomatic immunity is to prevent dignitaries, particularly between countries that may be at conflict, from being charged with war crimes or otherwise harassed with charges (i.e. traffic stops) while visiting to perform their duties. If they do commit a crime that the host country wishes to prosecute, it's possible to get a waiver of their immunity if diplomat's home country agrees. Let's say the wife gives birth in the U.S. while the trial is in process. Do you think that child suddenly gets citizenship solely because the father is being prosecuted for a crime? Ridiculous! permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago First paragraph of the Syllabus:: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink RationalThought 5 points 3 hours ago Illegals might get full rights but they are not subjects and neither are their brood. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago First paragraph of the Syllabus:: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink RationalThought 1 points 1 hour ago What do you know, California and Democrat scumbags were already hitting the courts. I see the Gov fought it at that time as well. The other States did too. The SC is set to rule on this once and for all (if they ever get to it). So Democrat trickery and "feelings" won that case, but even the Government in that case was against this. So liberal judge strikes again. permalink rivetjoint2 3 points 2 hours ago BS permalink HOSEQ 0 points 1 hour ago I've been trying to get that ONE FACT, just that ONE LITTLE FACT, through peoples heads here on PDW for almost 4 Fucking Long YEARS, and have been YELLED DOWN almost each and every time.... But here comes a Fucking LEFTIST JUDGE in an online RAGazine, and ""ALL OF A SUDDEN"" these Moronic Clown Idiots finally Get it.... First paragraph of the Syllabus:: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink jughaid 14 points 5 hours ago This is a very narrow case, but at least they acknowledged "and subject to the jurisdiction thereof"... The interpretation of those 6 words will be the bigger battle in the near future. permalink Drewniverse 4 points 4 hours ago I like this interpretation of it as well. One of the few underlying judicial foundations that we have. permalink whataboob -1 points 4 hours ago That interpretation says that “anchor babies” are indeed American citizens, if someone didn’t pick up on that. permalink CyanScales 4 points 3 hours ago The children of lawful residents. Not the children of border jumpers. permalink pizz11 1 points 4 hours ago Anchor babies perhaps, but illegals not. Also, if it's accepted that anchor babies are citizens laws can be created to prevent them eg include pregnancy on medical reports submitted for visas permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago First paragraph of the Syllabus:: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago They NEVER do, because their heads are stuck too far up.... permalink Klown_Kutz 13 points 5 hours ago This is going to be an even bigger case for our nation than Dobbs when it finally reaches SCOTUS. It's going to come down to Barrett and Roberts. A woman and a Bush Neocon. permalink Moebius 3 points 3 hours ago BFD: That was clearly decided in the 19th Century. permalink djpat 3 points 3 hours ago This is a bad ruling, very bad. It basically says that depending on diplomat pay grade one might be considered subject to our jurisdiction despite being a foreign citizen. Basically its a legal defense of anchor babies on paper now. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago It doesn't VALIDATE the Anchor Babies, it Validates the Diplomatic Immunity Aspect Only.... He left out the rest on purpose.... But HOW MANY Illegal Aliens do you know of that Are actual DIPLOMATS??? permalink FreeFire OP 3 points 5 hours ago https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/08/biden-appointed-judge-shockingly-rules-against-birthright-citizenship/ permalink HOSEQ 0 points 1 hour ago THIS IS THE TRUTH WITH CAVEATS:: United States v. Wong Kim Ark No. 18 Argued March 5, 8, 1897 Decided March 28, 1898 169 U.S. 649 APPEAL FROM THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA Syllabus A child born in the United States, of parents of Chinese descent, who, at the time of his birth, are subjects of the Emperor of China, but have a permanent domicil and residence in the United States, and are there carrying on business, and are not employed in any diplomatic or official capacity under the Emperor of China, becomes at the time of his birth a citizen of the United States, by virtue of the first clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution, "All person born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside." https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/169/649/ permalink PatriotGames 3 points 4 hours ago That is not a shocking ruling. permalink orange_popcicle 2 points 5 hours ago Actual news, from Gateway Pundit?! That's nearly just as shocking, imo. permalink MrGrayson 1 points 5 hours ago You got that right. 99% of the stories on there are not news, they are just stories! permalink whataboob 1 points 4 hours ago It’s not news. The 14th already exempts diplomats. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States… permalink DaayTerkErJerbs 2 points 26 minutes ago I mean doesn't it literally say that in the amendment itself? Congratulations u can read. So proud of you. Now that we figured that out you should be able to extrapolate that they've been intentionally misinterpreting it to hand out citizenship to foreigners for ever an nobody would challenge it cuz they're trying to destroy the country. permalink Lol_Garrus 2 points 4 hours ago Wow, this will really address all the diplomats having kids in our country! /s permalink America_No_1 1 points 4 hours ago He was only loyal until the last USAID payment stopped permalink blueballs43 1 points 2 hours ago WHAT IS HE SMOKING? permalink flashersenpai 1 points 30 minutes ago The law is whatever power decides. Arguing about the meaning of amendments is a cover for this basic truth. If you cut yourself off from the option that birthright citizenship is fake, then you're undermining yourself for no good reason. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 1 hour ago My husband was born in Germany. His parents are Americans. He is an American, not a German citizen. His father was Army at the time. My hubs does not have dual citizenship. He is a citizen of the country in which his parents are citizens. If it was that way for him, it should be that way now. permalink ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 42 minutes ago Somebody doesn't want to get hanged after the tribunals....... permalink DiamondDroid 1 points 14 minutes ago Sounds like it's a narrow ruling only deal with diplomats. permalink rivetjoint2 1 points 1 hour ago The 13th and 14th Amendments were passed in part, to shove the Dred Scott (in Grant's view - THE cause of the civil war) case up the ass of SCOTUS. The 13th and 14th made clear the racists democrats could not deny the freed slaves citizenship, nor their children citizenship. 'Subject to the jurisdiction thereof' is specifically trolling the Dred Scott case wherein the jurisdictional issue of the federal courts in say Ohio (a free state) had jurisdiction over an escaped slave from say Georgia, was chattel property and the federal courts must order the 'only' remedy of return of that person to slavery (not to return to africa, and not money damages). It's stupid, a-historical and retarded to think the slavery provision of the 13th and 14th created anchor baby tourism. Congress is free to pass a law creating anchor baby tourism, but it is not set in stone via the 14th, forever and ever - as the shitheads would have you believe. As SCOTUS has said, the Constitution is Not a suicide pact. And the birthright citizenship reading by some of the 14th is civilizational suicide. What an invading army of illegals, get to pop out babies and they are granted full citizenship and there is nothing we can do? It's so clear this provision applies only to freed slaves, that Congress had to separately address the citizenship status of American Indians. permalink Petiteputnam1 1 points 4 hours ago We'll take the wins we're we can get them let's see what the supreme court says though permalink iamimaginos 1 points 3 hours ago Precedent! permalink HOSEQ 1 points 1 hour ago Nope, not hardly, not even close to being anything like Precedent... permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 1 points 1 hour ago Foreign diplomats... come on. permalink current_horror 1 points 2 hours ago Leaning your cooch over the border before squeezing out your child cannot be a legitimate path to citizenship. permalink Another_ID 1 points 1 hour ago Oddly enough, kids of diplomats have not been eligible; yet illegals were illegally. permalink MoreVanceMemes -1 points 5 hours ago Jim Hoft is a pedo permalink 933 Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT Automatically U.S. Citizens | (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 5 hours ago by FreeFire 74 comments Biden-Appointed Judge Shockingly Rules Against Birthright Citizenship — Ninth Circuit Says Children of Foreign Diplomats Are NOT... The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has just ruled that a man born in New York City in 1950 is NOT an American citizen. www.thegatewaypundit.com