1406 BREAKING: The Texas House has just PASSED the new U.S. House Maps, which will add up to FIVE Republican U.S. House seats. HUGE WIN for Republicans! All of that Democrat whining did absolutely NOTHING. It now heads to Gov. @GregAbbott_TX’s desk. 🇺🇸 posted 16 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 63 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 16h 🚨 BREAKING: The Texas House has just PASSED the new U.S. House Maps, which will add up to FIVE Republican U.S. House seats HUGE WIN for Republicans! All of that Democrat whining did absolutely NOTHING. It now heads to Gov. @GregAbbott_TX’s desk 🇺🇸 63 comments seeling0 56 points 16 hours ago Democrats here in total panic. Absolute disarray. I know too many leftists and they've all, every last one, gone apeshit over this. permalink Mr_Rightside OP 29 points 16 hours ago Florida should redraw their maps next. There's 28 Congress members from Florida. 20 Republican's, 8 Democrats. Republican's in Florida have a majority in the House of Representatives (86-32), a majority in the Senate (26-10-1) and all 7 Justices on Florida's Supreme Court are Republican. 8 Democrats in Florida Darren Soto - Florida's 9th Congressional District (D+4) Maxwell Frost - Florida's 10th Congressional District (D+13) Kathy Castor - Florida's 14th Congressional District (D+5) Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick - Florida's 20th Congressional District (D+22) Lois Frankel - Florida's 22nd Congressional District (D+4) Jared Moskowitz - Florida's 23rd Congressional District (D+2) Frederica Wilson - Florida's 24th Congressional District (D+18) Debbie Wasserman Schultz - Florida's 25th Congressional District (D+5) permalink DingDongDitch 19 points 16 hours ago Get Noodles out asap permalink flashersenpai 9 points 15 hours ago for those that don't know she was one of the fucks rigging the 2016 Dem elections, with the consequence of red pilling a lot of Bernie supporters to voting Trump, with the WikiLeaks emails assumed to have been recovered by Seth Rich (RIP) Wasserman Schultz was elected chair of the Democratic National Committee in May 2011, replacing Tim Kaine. On July 28, 2016, she resigned from that position after WikiLeaks released leaked emails showing that she and other members of the DNC staff had expressed bias in preference of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic primaries. The emails showed that some DNC officials had discussed strategies to weaken Sanders’ campaign, questioning his viability, and even suggesting ways to discredit his supporters. She secured a senior surrogate spot on the Clinton campaign afterwards. permalink WassermanSchultz 2 points 14 hours ago You're just jealous that she's a strong independent woman who don't need no man. permalink view 3 more comments... perma-maga 3 points 15 hours ago Frankel. And Wilson too. permalink elvisbird 2 points 15 hours ago Great idea permalink elvisbird 2 points 15 hours ago Great idea permalink SuperHonkey 5 points 15 hours ago Seas of red with little blue cancer spots permalink SpaceWizard 4 points 15 hours ago Yes permalink Than0sIII 3 points 10 hours ago All Red states should go ahead and redistrict since several Blue states already have, and some blue states legit have no Republican representation even though there should be at least a little in a fair system. This is the game the Democrats have played because they know they can't win otherwise, and now they're shitting themselves because Republicans are actually playing their game. permalink Hoshi 2 points 13 hours ago Democrats do this to stay in power except they usually lie and cheat. The +22 should be given as many more democrat votes as possible to "represent" their district from anyone else close to equal footing. permalink DonFlamenco 3 points 12 hours ago But aren’t they doing the same in CA. How can they be allowed to do that?? permalink AVeryNakedMan 3 points 12 hours ago Narcissists always cry out as they strike you. Dems have gerrymandered for decades. They are only bitching now because Republicans grew some balls to do it back to them. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 31 points 16 hours ago Net improvement... 10 seats. Not bad, but, I wish they had taken a bigger risk and gone for a few more. It's an improvement, either way. permalink Dead_Sennacherib 11 points 15 hours ago I think it's important that they not over reach. A lot of Californians are going to look at how this is handled when they consider the ballot initiative to get rid of our independent commission. I actually think that California will vote to keep the commission, but there has to be a sense that Texas is undoing Gerrymandering - not going full on into counter unfairness. permalink Upset_Grape 1 points 15 hours ago There's absolutely nothing wrong with being unfair in granting 100% more weight to truth over false. Why is unfairness wrong? We should be a Christian monarchy that works on the other side of the Orthodox Church. permalink PM_ME_UR_MAGIC_CARDS 1 points 9 hours ago "Error has no right" permalink PeruvianNeckties 24 points 16 hours ago The best part is Ghetto Crockett is bye bye permalink Danofdestiny 21 points 16 hours ago I believe that Al Green’s district got chopped as well. No more ratchet ho or pimp cane. permalink throttlejohnson 18 points 16 hours ago i cant breeve permalink PUNCHSPLOSION 4 points 15 hours ago Nope. She’s still there.. https://m.patriots.win/p/19BtGayZT3 permalink PeruvianNeckties 1 points 12 hours ago Sheeeeeeiiiiiitttttt permalink Region 3 points 16 hours ago Jasmine Ratchet permalink Returningtogod 9 points 16 hours ago It would be hilarious if Abbott would VETO this and demand 10 seats. permalink 2Fangz 8 points 16 hours ago Everything's bigger in Texas - including our representative count. permalink QSWO1 4 points 15 hours ago ,and the amount of illegals in construction. Shitty construction. permalink TexasPede1836 2 points 11 hours ago We're working on that permalink TheLion 1 points 4 hours ago Are we? If Abbot was serious about it he could have DPS round them up by the hundreds at these Pulte, etc. subdivision builds. permalink Donsabai 7 points 16 hours ago Should have been 9-10. RINOs in TX always throw away the better win. permalink Taupkek 5 points 15 hours ago As El Rushbo would say, Republicans once again snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. But this is at least a small victory, and will force the Dems to cheat harder in 2026. I'll take it. permalink Crlsniper 6 points 15 hours ago Now fire those that fled their jobs permalink Yignuced 5 points 16 hours ago Abbot should veto it and tell them to come back with a 10-seat map. permalink DontTreadOnSnek 4 points 16 hours ago Should have been at least 10. permalink Danofdestiny 4 points 16 hours ago After all of the bluster out wheels about legally vacating the seats then him not doing that had me worried that it was just another dog and pony show to shut up conservatives. I’m pleased that I was wrong. permalink josiborg 3 points 16 hours ago Anywhere else gonna follow suit? permalink SanityGumby 3 points 16 hours ago And the democrats are still looking at indictments for taking bribes permalink Cheesemaker 3 points 15 hours ago They won't though. Because it was all talk... unfortunately permalink flashersenpai 3 points 15 hours ago Don't get complacent and give away the new seats to establishment fuck heads. permalink DestroyerofCobwebs 2 points 13 hours ago Five is lame and gay. The +8 map was perfectly viable, kept most of the majority minority districts intact, and had excellent compactness. The House didn't like it because it moved around some Republican districts too. permalink theDialecticalPlaya 2 points 16 hours ago Texas should have gone nuclear and eliminated all the Democrat seats. Watching the libtards wet themselves and scream "fascism" and "Abbott and Trump are Hitler" has been incredibly satisfying. permalink CasuallyObservant 1 points 14 hours ago But, will it get rid of Jasmine Crock 'O Shit and Caveman Congressman Al Green? They need to go! permalink Skabliggum2 1 points 13 hours ago How did they pass it without quorum? I thought that was the Dems entire strategy by running away indefinitely. permalink Throwingway22 1 points 16 hours ago A win for Republicans. Not a huge win though. permalink NewGoldenAge 1 points 15 hours ago No mo Crockett either (no / yes?) permalink jonnyuno 1 points 13 hours ago And no one arrested. Loss, not win. Arrested them now! Prison for life. permalink ConversionTherapist 1 points 16 hours ago But look what the Greasy Gay Bay bitch is doing : https://www.marinij.com/2025/08/20/california-legislature-fast-tracks-gov-newsoms-redistricting-proposal/ permalink goatnuts 1 points 13 hours ago up to They keep disappointing. It's like they just tell us shit to keep us excited and voting and then they fuck us over and dont give us jack shit. permalink SuperHonkey 1 points 15 hours ago How many arrests? permalink Choppermagic 1 points 13 hours ago not enough . Needs punishment for their antics of running away. vacate their seats, fine them or in jail. redistrict 5 more seats permalink BlueKentuckyGirl 1 points 15 hours ago Yes they did! permalink KennyUS 1 points 11 hours ago With the number of illegals deported a new census is necessary to reflect actual congressional seats...democrats will find the Texas redistricting will be a drop in the bucket...plus, Red States need to redistrict to ensure the lying lawless democrats never see power again on the national stage...NM gerrymandered our state so that no statewide or national office is held by a republican even though 40% of the state is registered republican.. but to add insult to injury the counties with high GOP #s won't turn out to vote. permalink kfunny91 1 points 15 hours ago now do this is every other state permalink Pepbrandt 1 points 15 hours ago I thought they were going for 9 or 10? permalink MythArcana 1 points 15 hours ago Sounds to me like the libtards plan on grabbing more than 5 seats. Hell, California is trying to go full Hawaii and have zero red districts. permalink EvilGreed209 -7 points 16 hours ago Shoulda been 10 seats but Gov Hot wheels whos bought off by the CCP caved. If you guys only knew he was pictured by anti ccp china based groups meeting with a known ccp bag man. He's a fraud 100% steven bannons buddy guo released it on a website during covid lockdown with all the proof and like 50 videos from Hunter bidens laptop. like the one with his dead brothers daughter with cocaine in her nose bent over in lingerie looking at a mirror and a video of hunter feet fucking her on his red sofa with a spy cam coming from his own Smart T.v. angle.. I think his niece was underage at the time i didn't know i clicked on a link =( permalink Bldg_2019 5 points 16 hours ago Here come the concern troll / Ron Paul dinosaurs. Whichever one you are, take the L right up your ass where you like it, faggot. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 13 hours ago We paved the road so you could walk. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1406 BREAKING: The Texas House has just PASSED the new U.S. House Maps, which will add up to FIVE Republican U.S. House seats. HUGE WIN for Republicans! All of that Democrat whining did absolutely NOTHING. It now heads to Gov. @GregAbbott_TX’s desk. 🇺🇸 posted 16 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 63 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 16h 🚨 BREAKING: The Texas House has just PASSED the new U.S. House Maps, which will add up to FIVE Republican U.S. House seats HUGE WIN for Republicans! All of that Democrat whining did absolutely NOTHING. It now heads to Gov. @GregAbbott_TX’s desk 🇺🇸