689 Union Station is different posted 5 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 44 comments I Meme Therefore I Am 🇺🇸 @ImMeme0 • 15h DC woman raves about how much safer and cleaner Union Station has become after President Trump deployed the National Guard.🔥🔥🔥 “Thumbs up, Trump!” 44 comments Prof_Smith 41 points 4 hours ago Paid and bussed in protesters are the next problem that needs addressed. I suggest pepper spray to start. permalink Votingnerd 15 points 4 hours ago I suggest water canons be used 🤣 permalink South_Florida_Guy 7 points 4 hours ago Retrofitted into flamethrowers permalink Gotmygoose 3 points 4 hours ago We can use those to defend the border wall, making the newly painted black fences super hot. permalink Votingnerd 2 points 4 hours ago I like the cut of your jib! permalink Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 2 hours ago I am also in favor of water canons, they probably haven't bathed in a month. permalink PMSocks 5 points 3 hours ago Seize the buses. permalink StolenElectionsKill 2 points 3 hours ago Ehh, I'd rather a safer space for the K-9s and water cannons, but having used Mace pepper gel to stop an attack on myself, I can heartily recommend it. Just don't want the dogs having to deal with it too. permalink Another_ID 1 points 1 hour ago Tow the busses as soon as they disembark. permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 hours ago I just laugh at them. They're all middle aged karens now. permalink brainphreeze 26 points 4 hours ago When she starts describing the people "who are saying F Trump", lmao was actually pretty funny This is how you win, fuck the MSM and the agitators permalink Kricket 4 points 2 hours ago That look she’s describing… I know that look. permalink _Sully_ 17 points 4 hours ago This reminded me. I took an Uber like 3 months ago with a younger adult black woman as a driver. And I swear she couldn't help but talk to me about shit. I guess I have that look now lol. The entire ride she gushed about Trump and how she was so sick of the status quo in Portland. She would ask me guarded questions and I would just answer straight and based as usual. It was hilarious because it made her giggle and relieved. The entire ride she was nodding her head and saying "Yeah, right?!" I said we've all been tormented for years and it's about time we say what's on our minds without fear of being attacked. It was super refreshing. permalink NotYourMan 8 points 2 hours ago Without fear of the democrat tyrants taking you down by arresting you or getting you debanked or getting you fired. We found ourselves in a democrat tyranny without even realizing it. In that place, crime was growing and getting worse, drugs were worse, homelessness was worse. Why do democrats want crime and homelessness? That is easy, so they can blame capitalism and impose more and more socialism. People don't realize that the part of the democrat strategy for a single party country involves allowing crimes to happen. permalink billybaldwin2 14 points 4 hours ago Where were the protesters in 2021 when DC had National Guard there for 6 months and everything was fenced off? There were checkpoints too. permalink RationalThought 7 points 3 hours ago It's (D)ifferent. permalink bangbus 11 points 4 hours ago When I lived in Chicago my secretary was an older black lady who lived on the west side, which as a neighborhood has got to be pound for pound as dangerous as anything in fucking Brazil. If you got her going she had a law and order streak that would have made Mao or Stalin blush. She wanted an absolute boot jammed up the ass of the 12-24 year olds who were the source of 99% of the crime. But if you asked her about politics, Obama was the greatest human being to ever live and it was unthinkable to vote anything other than D. Oh, and her second biggest political issue was abortion, adamantly opposed. I told her she was actually a conservative and it damned near melted her brain. The level of propaganda and conditioning that has been laid upon the people has been so immense that there is an existential battle for us to stop it. This video is obviously just one woman, but I find it highly encouraging. The Dems absolutely cannot allow Trump to try to quell crime in major cities because if he is successful they will lose the entire hoodrat voting bloc. Absolutely disgusting behavior from the “country over party” assholes. I hope the legacy DNC is broken into a million pieces. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 5 points 3 hours ago DOUBLETHINK -1984 Doublethink is a process of indoctrination in which subjects are expected to simultaneously accept two conflicting beliefs as truth, often at odds with their own memory or sense of reality. permalink NotYourMan 3 points 2 hours ago Democrat sponsored crime is used to justify socialism. The goal is to let the crime happen, blame capitalism or billionaires and then simply take more property and create socialism. No joke here, why did Chicago city take over grocery stores? Because prices were too high and people could not afford food. Why were prices so high? Because of Joe Biden's inflation and lots of city wide regulations and private companies paying for private security. All of these are created by the government, by democrats on purpose. permalink magaspif 6 points 3 hours ago once the left loses the laqueefas it's all fucking over permalink CanadianTrump2 1 points 1 hour ago You overestimate permalink Mulletgunning 6 points 4 hours ago Good for them. Release the Epstein files from all Intel agencies and we will show you what happens libtard.MAGA AF permalink Belleoffreedom OP 5 points 5 hours ago https://x.com/ImMeme0/status/1958308398987886684 permalink hazelknut 5 points 3 hours ago fucking MSM will never let the country know this is how the residents feel cus orange man bad. permalink NotYourMan 3 points 2 hours ago MSM is the enemy of the people, the mouthpiece of the democrat conquest of the US. permalink StolenElectionsKill 4 points 3 hours ago It's been bad for so long, it's taking a while to recognize what good even looks like, for most people in urban shithole cities like DC. permalink FatBeagleMars 3 points 4 hours ago Enjoy the beauty of your city. God Bless. permalink LookFatty 2 points 52 minutes ago If they all were as articulate and sweet as her we'd be in a much better world permalink Goatpoojoe 3 points 2 hours ago She had me until her Epstein spiel. "Rich people don't live the same type of life that we do. Rich people can do things and not get in trouble. That's their tier." That sounds like something a rich pedophile would pay someone to say. Fuck that. If you rape children, you need to be executed in a very slow and painful way. Flay them and keep them alive for a few days, staring into a mirror. Then tie them down in a room with some starving rats. Or maybe we should bring back crucifixion. It doesn't matter who you are or how much money you have. permalink Kashim11 2 points 1 hour ago I was there yesterday, she is right, it's much better than I have ever seen it. There were a lot of national guards there, Secret Service, and a lot of drug sniffing dogs. I saw the tents went by it, said ”Vance/Trump 2028”. They got a little riled up but settled down when the SS walked by. Was great, going to do it again. permalink sobriquet 1 points 49 minutes ago That's good to hear. I've been threatened with an ass whooping at union Station while wearing a tie. I've also seen an urban youth stripping parts off bikes on the bike rack in broad daylight. And of course, I've been hit up for food and cash hundreds of times. So it's nice to hear they've chased off the riff raff. permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 2 hours ago "Hot Darkness" This lady nailed it. permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 2 hours ago She said, "Tax Dollars At Work." permalink Stlpoolguy 1 points 58 minutes ago Trump should make a national tv commercial of these grateful black voices permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink BattleOfSaratoga 1 points 4 hours ago Daughter of NOT TOOODAAY grown up? permalink YodaBannon 1 points 4 hours ago Hopefully it gets extended. permalink bill_in_texas 1 points 1 hour ago So my question is, where are the homeless who are being run out of D.C.? They didn't just disappear. They're somewhere. Where are they? permalink Creepy_Joe 1 points 12 minutes ago Yeah! What are you gonna do with the Epstein List! permalink Silas4Trump1776 1 points 3 hours ago 👍 permalink JoeBidensDementia1 -1 points 3 hours ago hot darkness Shut. The. Fuck. Up. permalink Dr_Eggman 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 689 Union Station is different posted 5 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 44 comments I Meme Therefore I Am 🇺🇸 @ImMeme0 • 15h DC woman raves about how much safer and cleaner Union Station has become after President Trump deployed the National Guard.🔥🔥🔥 “Thumbs up, Trump!”