1257 CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. posted 5 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 49 comments Gunther Eagleman™ @GuntherEagleman • 13h CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. 49 comments FreeFire 30 points 5 hours ago Yes, because the fix was in like usually. CA leftist officials keep shuffling the votes around until they get a result they like. It is a rats' nest of thieving demons who all must be changed out---or, and this is the case--eliminated altogether once we have in place quantum voting from personal phones/computers. It's coming soon. ~ 21 Aug 2025 permalink permissible_missile 18 points 4 hours ago quantum voting Apex cringe permalink Meister_Bockmist 11 points 3 hours ago Listen, Jack, I order my quantum pizza from my quantum phone, and i get my Schrödinger's with extra cheese and a cat in the box. permalink westrock2000 4 points 2 hours ago The news told me it is debunked conspiracy theory that people are eating cat pizzas. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 7 points 4 hours ago Can confirm. I grew up in California. It is common for districts to have 125% of registered voters cast a ballot on election night in areas that are not as far left. permalink NotYourMan 6 points 2 hours ago Once democrats conquered the state of California, they changed the voting laws to favor cheating. This is the last step and that step involves no voter ID, ballot box stuffing, ballot harvesting. Its always the same with democrats after they conquer a city or state. permalink yuio4344 6 points 4 hours ago The CIA, FBI and the other 16 Intel Agencies protected Epstein' / M0ssad / lsraeIi government's Congressional extortion child f*ck honeypot for over 20 years. We may never know what percentage of our Congress became Benjamin Netanyahu's puppets. 'Tells you everything you need to know about who our Deep State is. permalink DCPower 4 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink JoeBidensDementia1 13 points 5 hours ago Paper ballots only. Disabled, military, overseas? Too bad. permalink FuckU/Spez 14 points 4 hours ago Almost every country has a consulate or embassy. Go vote there in person. That's what other countries do. I don't trust the disabled vote. Your caregiver might vote Kamala against your wishes... and it has happened in the past. permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 4 points 3 hours ago or on any local military base. but we don't have a base anywhere nearby! I need to be able to mail it! we've seen that US postal workers now go through ballots and dump the ones from opponents. when you put it in ANY mail, even US mail, you're destroying chain of custody. permalink glow-operator-2-0 3 points 2 hours ago Union soldiers were trained / shipped to their registered counties to vote in 1864. It can be done then, it can certainly be done now. Sounds like a lack of will to me. permalink thisisatestof2 1 points 46 minutes ago Excellent point. In terms of the military vote, no reason you can’t set up some on base voting system. permalink Svaap 0 points 2 hours ago You mean campaign flyers? Mail-in ballot envelopes are sealed and completely anonymous, I don't see how this is a true statement? permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 11 points 5 hours ago This should be on billboards everywhere in California permalink Account 9 points 4 hours ago They didn't count votes for Larry Elder if you didn't bring your mail-in ballot to the polling station. I didn't open mine since I planned to vote in person, so they said my vote would take 2 weeks or so to be counted. permalink DCPower 5 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink CommanderOfCheese 8 points 2 hours ago Wasn't the whole idea behind voting machines and scanners that they should be faster and more accurate? And yet basically everywhere they've been adopted the counting process is slower and more prone to error. permalink MarshallB 4 points 50 minutes ago We're from the Government and we're here to help. But we're also private so you can't audit our systemic stealing. permalink Kwdzr 3 points 49 minutes ago The real reason is so they can cook the books in real time. Counties send off their numbers so the lib areas know how much to pad their count. permalink UltraMAGAMilton 5 points 3 hours ago The moment Gavin said he was going to let the people decide, you knew he was saying, hes about to manufacture consensus for the optics. That's what democracy is. Now he can run around and say, "Hey, the people voted for this, Im just doing what the people want" ;) . . . permalink glow-operator-2-0 2 points 2 hours ago People voted for Prop 13 in 1978 and against a later Prop 5 (2020s) that would undo Prop 13. Some of it works. Not sure which though. permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink Augiez57 4 points 2 hours ago Yep we are cheated here in CA big time permalink 556x45mm 1 points 21 minutes ago Can you beleive that if there is a proposition to raise taxes the people will vote for it? There's literally no where in the entire world where people vote to raise their own taxes except for California. This is how you know they cheat. permalink Txiribiton 3 points 5 hours ago ...and about the FBI, DoJ, NSA, etc. It tells you all you need to know about the country. permalink johnfist2 2 points 2 hours ago The fact that in the recall, Newsome got more support than he did for his election, tells you all you need to know. You don't get a recall done, and somehow have MORE support than when you started. That's just not how it works. permalink DCPower 2 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink patriotplus 2 points 2 hours ago democrat logic..... men can become women 1 plus 1 equals 5 permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago We used to call it insanity and house them in insane asylums. permalink hazelknut 2 points 4 hours ago sadly, it tells you that they got all the votes they needed in one night. permalink ActNow 1 points 47 minutes ago When Newscum was installed, they had counted ballots without signatures. For the recall, they disqualified ballots where the signature wasn't a perfect match. permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink LePEDES 1 points 49 minutes ago Yup they even sent me a fucking signature verification letter after I sent in my vote to recall his ass… all the sudden th ye care about matching signatures permalink AfrikaanerBoer 1 points 5 hours ago PEOPLE’S “REPUBLIC” OF COMMIEFORNIA 🇻🇳 permalink RedCapNation 1 points 35 minutes ago Charge. Arrest. Prosecute. Execute. We’ve yet to see an arrest… permalink UnknownUserName 1 points 9 minutes ago The election and recall vote had the SAME exact vote percentage for Newsom as he received in the election. permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 2 hours ago Fraudulent elections yield frauds. permalink MarshallB 1 points 45 minutes ago And FRAUD is FINAL because it isn't RIPE before the election, it's MOOT after the election and everything in between the Election and the Swearing In is STRICTLY CEREMONIAL. And SCOTUS won't get involved because it's just politics. permalink CO2_Generator 1 points 5 hours ago Dang... permalink King_Boobus_Toobus 1 points 30 minutes ago They only count until they have enough to win. permalink LibtardBusterMAGA 1 points 4 minutes ago Ending posts with 'Tells you all you need to know' is really f annoying permalink 1True-translation 1 points 1 hour ago It's run by a highly corrupt quasi-religious cult. permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago The cult is SATANIC /LUCIFER ION / DEMOCRAT permalink 1True-translation 1 points 1 hour ago Corrupt hedonists psychopaths permalink MarshallB 1 points 2 hours ago They were producing votes for Democrat House District nominees. They produced at least two. permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink MarshallB 2 points 42 minutes ago I would, but my excess money is theoretical. I only make about a third of your average Alien. permalink 1257 CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA. posted 5 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 49 comments Gunther Eagleman™ @GuntherEagleman • 13h CA took longer than 30 days to count the presidential election votes. CA took 1 night to count the Gavin Newsom RECALL votes. Tells you all you need to know about CA.