417 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 5 hours ago by Drewniverse 49 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 1d BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.” 49 comments Deplorable556 49 points 4 hours ago 15 hours a week awww thats cute. i worked 15 hours on monday alone. im already at 42 hours for the week and its thursday morning. permalink Drewniverse OP 29 points 4 hours ago I just hit 38 because I'm about to get in the work truck and clocked in. Have a good day at work, pede. permalink UH60MAGA 11 points 3 hours ago 20 for me, only because I took Monday off/used a personal business day due to car being in the shop. Mainly im doing about 48-50hrs during the week. permalink HuggableBear 6 points 2 hours ago 60 is my baseline, 70+ if I work a Saturday. All so the government can take $50,000 a year permalink UncleSlayton 10 points 2 hours ago IIRC it's only if they don't have full time employment anyway. Also, I hope you're self-employed or getting paid obscene money. No company is worth that much of your life, especially if you have kids. I've done 60 hour weeks before when I needed the money, it'll take its toll in other areas of your life. Working for yourself is a totally different animal lol. permalink MAGASquatch 3 points 1 hour ago Came here to say this. The American dream is about working hard to build something for yourself and leaving a legacy to your kids. It's not about building someone else's dream and leaving a legacy to their kids. Use the job to earn money to then build a business and/or make investments so you can gain financial independence. Rich Dad Poor Dad / Cashflow Quadrant are two great books to encourage yourself to do this. permalink SimplyRedPills 3 points 2 hours ago For fucks sake why are people on the right so proud of bragging how big of a wage slave they are? Wasting your entire life working is not something to be proud of. Like congrats on getting taken advantage of I guess? permalink Eatinglue 1 points 22 minutes ago Laughs in farmer permalink Bobf 1 points 2 hours ago Wow, that sucks for you. You should consider using AI tools. I have all kinds of free time compared to you. permalink RealmanPwns 17 points 4 hours ago #FakeAndStaged. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 6 points 3 hours ago Maybe, but could still be the poster tiktok 'chile for welfare and its' original intention. permalink jonnyuno 0 points 3 hours ago True but I don't see it as fake. Staged yes. But she's on our side and she's just role playing but actually exposing truth with the subtlety to mock liberals. My opinion. permalink Flubadub 14 points 3 hours ago She has time and $$ to get tats tho permalink Oback_Barama 5 points 2 hours ago You mean I’m at risk of loosing my benefits if I don’t put in an effort? She says as she records her diatribe for the fourth time on her $1000 smart phone to upload to tiktok for fake internet points. permalink RealmanPwns 10 points 4 hours ago The maximum SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly known as EBT) benefit for a household of four (one adult with three children) in the 48 contiguous states and Washington, D.C., for the period of October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025, is $975 per month. This amount assumes the household has no net income after allowable deductions, as SNAP benefits are calculated by subtracting 30% of the household’s net income from the maximum allotment for their household size. permalink AZTrumpette1776 4 points 2 hours ago Thank you for this. I was preparing to post the maximum allotment as well because im fed up with these videos of people claiming to get thousands a month. I think its rage bait to get views and comments on their videos. I am all for the SNAP changes. The fraud is crazy and the fraud puts the entire SNAP program at risk of being shut down because states aren't going to be able to pay the % of Benefits required by HR1 based on an error rate over 6%. So let's reduce fraud by making it no longer easy to commit fraud, you want benefits, give back to your community permalink Drewniverse OP 1 points 4 hours ago Why are you spamming? permalink RealmanPwns 6 points 4 hours ago It's not spam. It disproves a claim made in the video. permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 4 points 2 hours ago I could be wrong, but I think some states add to the federal amount. I think it is WIC or something? permalink tt777 3 points 4 hours ago $975 is a lot of food for 1 adult and 3 kids. permalink RealmanPwns 2 points 3 hours ago Kids eat a ton. It also very much depends where you live, how high the prices are. permalink PatriotDescendant 0 points 2 hours ago Per month? permalink NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 14 minutes ago SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly known as EBT) No, retard. SNAP is the food stamp program. EBT is the card. Other programs like TANF, WIC, SSI, alimony payments, heat and housing assistance can all go on the same EBT card. You don’t seem to know what you are talking about. The numbers you mention all vary by state. permalink hazelknut 8 points 3 hours ago when you realize there are millions upon millions of lazy shitstains around the country sucking at the govt. tit, it's easy to see why things have become so dark. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 7 points 4 hours ago Seven years on the dole and she's so ungrateful that she can't contribute 15 measley hours a week back to the society that's paid for her to live such a pathetic, unproductive, and worthless way of life! She even has the audacity to make a public video to complain about it! In a functional society this would be a comedy skit. permalink FuckU/Spez 6 points 3 hours ago $2000 mothafukin dollars a month? This bitch needs to be investigated ASAP! This has fraud written all over it. Not hard to get job at McDs either. Cut her welfare now! permalink SBOJ_JOBS 5 points 3 hours ago There is a whole industry with its own apps for faking community service. More lawyers doing law stuff which makes more money for lawyers and thieves. 99% of our "legal system" needs to be done by AI and 99% of the lawyers need to learn to... do something useful and productive as opposed to the self-serving and destructive BS it has been consumed with for a generation. permalink PearlyGaits57 4 points 2 hours ago First of all, 15 hours a week is about 2 hours a day. Secondly, you don't have a job at a time where there are more jobs to be had than in the oast 4 years. 3 you have tattoos all over your right arm, we all know tatoos are not a cheap investment. 4 if you are on foid stamps for 7 years, tells me, you have no plans to ever get off the grift. Cry me a river. permalink breathittbill 4 points 2 hours ago 15 hour work week is called part time. They can’t grow them stewpid enough these days. permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 3 points 2 hours ago She can afford tattoos. She can pick up trash on the side of the road a couple of days a week. permalink MeMargie 1 points 2 hours ago Food stamps are unconditional, she must do 80 hours of hard labor a week repairing city side streets to repay the 7 years of food stamps 😎 permalink okboomer59 1 points 23 minutes ago 15 hrs/wk = ~60 hrs/month $2k/60 = $33/hr for bullshit make-work "community service" permalink Markosis17 1 points 10 minutes ago Get a job bitch and shut the fuck up. permalink Sunnywindows 1 points 1 hour ago They will soon find ways to scam this requirement. Who will be monitoring and signing off on their “Community service?” permalink Liars-Burn-In-Hell 1 points 48 minutes ago Bet 7 years of cash-aid paid for the stupid tattoos of that pig nose. permalink EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 1 points 47 minutes ago I hate this fucking bitch with a passion permalink we_won_the_war_jack 1 points 47 minutes ago I voted for this. permalink Hangmhigh 1 points 33 minutes ago 2 k a month?!! permalink SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 1 hour ago Pure entitlement and she doesn't see how giving 15 hours a week volunteering in the community is being productive as a way of earning EBT. permalink SaltyLandscaper 1 points 2 hours ago I have to take time out of my day to work to make money to support myself and my family..oh the horror..oh the humanity. 😂 permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 53 minutes ago oh the hu-manitee permalink lash 1 points 3 minutes ago 2k foodstamps wtf permalink chahn1138 1 points 1 hour ago 10 seconds in and I am wanting to give her the taste of NOTHING! permalink Banfir 1 points 26 minutes ago Yup serious! 👍😁 permalink knnbccb 1 points 2 minutes ago Let them starve. permalink Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 1 hour ago 15hrs/week=60hrs/month $2000÷60=$33/hr permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 12 minutes ago Do women want to stay home and be mothers or do they want to go to work? Why can't they make up their minds? permalink MAGASquatch 1 points 1 hour ago Did you pay for those tatoos with food stamps? permalink 417 There are 40 hour work weeks and now a 15 hour work week KEK YES posted 5 hours ago by Drewniverse 49 comments Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 1d BREAKING - Democrats are beginning to receive letters in the mail telling them they must complete 15 hours of community service per week to receive benefits, and they are furious. “I have to take time out of my day just to receive my benefits.”