198 Trump Predicts ‘Loser’ MSNBC Host Nicolle Wallace Will Be Fired Following On-Air Rant (www.breitbart.com) posted 6 hours ago by kinbergfan 15 comments Trump Predicts 'Loser' MSNBC Host Nicolle Wallace Will Be Fired Following On-Air Rant Trump is predicting that MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace will be fired following her on-air rant about his meeting with Russian President Putin. www.breitbart.com 15 comments JtBlaze 4 points 4 hours ago Evil ignorant bitch. permalink sobriquet 1 points 45 minutes ago She's so fucking obnoxious. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 5 hours ago I get why they put her on the air, she's unwaveringly dedicated to pushing out the narrative of her evil masters, but her voice is so incredibly annoying. Listening to her is more off putting than hearing stray cats fighting over territory. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 3 points 4 hours ago Coincidentally, I'm gonna guess 7:1 odds there are at least 3 stray cats in her house .... and don't give me that "rescue" shit. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 3 points 4 hours ago What are the odds their litter box hasn't been cleaned in months? lol I used to go in people's homes for a previous job, I can still feel the ammonia stinging my nostrils from cat lady homes. permalink Choomguy 3 points 4 hours ago Lol, i had one who let strays winter over in her basement along with 3 of her own cats upstairs. Woman had all kinds of respiratory and health issues. An hour into it i had to put on a respirator, and told her i will be charging her the cost of a shop vac, because i can’t ever use it in someone else’s house it was so foul in there. 5 or 6 hours into it, i told her i could not work in her house. I knew about her 3 personal cats, but did not know about the strays, the entire basement was covered in shit, piss, vomit, hairballs etc. They were even shitting and pissing in her duct work, permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 3 hours ago So disgusting, hopefully the house was condemned once the cats took over entirely! Then there's the homes with junk and garbage piled up all around with paths through them so they can get around. The sad ones are the old ladies who obviously can't take care of themselves who talk about all their children. I will never understand how some people can let their parents waste away living in filth. It still pisses me off remembering that. permalink RedAltoids 2 points 3 hours ago I've been in homes like that. One was so extreme that one of the crew refused to go in and I didn't hold it against him as it was all you could do to keep from gagging. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 2 points 3 hours ago Hopefully the homeowner took that as a hint to clean things up, or at least burn everything down lol. permalink view 1 more comments... PatriotDescendant 2 points 2 hours ago Trump said she'll likely be fired, but he did not peg that statement to this rant. permalink indigo_truther 2 points 2 hours ago Low energy "rant". Didn't seem like she "lost it", but maybe that's what it looks like on Prozac + mimosas. permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 2 hours ago Who are these people? Who watches that horror circus? permalink PirateLaffite 1 points 17 minutes ago She should be fired for being ugly. Even if i was some braindead dem, i wouldn't want to look at that face for an hour-long show. permalink BBvarn 1 points 2 hours ago That tranny operation was a botched job. permalink 198 Trump Predicts ‘Loser’ MSNBC Host Nicolle Wallace Will Be Fired Following On-Air Rant (www.breitbart.com) posted 6 hours ago by kinbergfan 15 comments Trump Predicts 'Loser' MSNBC Host Nicolle Wallace Will Be Fired Following On-Air Rant Trump is predicting that MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace will be fired following her on-air rant about his meeting with Russian President Putin. www.breitbart.com