731 Oi yu hoive a loicence for that?! 🚫 1984 🚫 posted 2 hours ago by dirtysanchez69 28 comments 28 comments duehuckleberry 51 points 2 hours ago Become ungovernable. I don't care if it's AI or not, it's a great idea. Do it, UK pedes! permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 20 points 2 hours ago This would work in the US with the battle flag of northern Virginia. (Rebel flag) permalink Tongs_Ya_Bass 29 points 2 hours ago Thousands of flags going up across the country, they’ve clearly taken a leaf out of the Ulster Loyalists book, they’ve got their flags up 24/7 365. No Surrender. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 22 points 2 hours ago Genius lol. permalink 1777 10 points 44 minutes ago It works where I live. Spray paint dick and balls around a pothole and it’s fixed in a week. (Pro-tip: circle the hole to make it one of the balls.) permalink SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago they'd love to throw you in prison for that permalink XxxRDTPRNxxX 9 points 2 hours ago So edgy the used AI to do it. permalink RoryMiller77 8 points 1 hour ago There was a guy years ago that painted big floppy dongs around potholes and they would fix them the next day permalink LibtardsAreTrash 3 points 36 minutes ago The full reasoning behind this is actually pretty sad, those ppl are straight up conquered. We're next permalink TrancePhreak 2 points 34 minutes ago Rub some bacon grease on it as well. permalink Bohemyth_2 2 points 1 hour ago hammer and sickle guarantees more potholes permalink flashersenpai 2 points 39 minutes ago Damn. permalink MyBallsAreRough 2 points 23 minutes ago We just spray paint gigantic penises around them permalink Chinx 2 points 36 minutes ago The city council would fix it by repainting it Indian flag color, not fix the pot hole. permalink White-tailed_Eagle 1 points 21 minutes ago The local councils will be faced with a choice, either fix the potholes or leave hundereds of flags on the road for everyone to see. permalink Donold -7 points 2 hours ago The blood cross is anti-christian. Its not the symbol of sacrifice its the executioner using intimidation. permalink Coprolite -10 points 2 hours ago Aktually, a cross isn't Christian unless it's got a dead Hebrew nailed to it. permalink Made_in_America 5 points 1 hour ago Jesus started life as a Jevv but rejected Judaism to the point of creating a replacement religion based on the recurring theme throughout the New Testament; “don’t be like the Jevvs”. As the founder of Christianity he died the glorious King of anti-semitism and is beloved across the earth for teaching us all to not be like the Jevvs. permalink IT_WAS_THE_RUSSIANS 4 points 50 minutes ago He did not come to replace the law, but to fulfill it. permalink thisperson 2 points 40 minutes ago This is the comment I came to see. permalink Donold 1 points 30 minutes ago Lies told by Arabs, Jesus was a son of Japeth, not a son of Ham or Shem the Arab. Jesus had red hair, white skin and blue eyes. Thats why all of the western Christian flags have those colors, the settlers were Hebrew Japites. Jesus came to end the cycle of sacrifice by the jews, where they were killing so many first sons and animals in the temple the blood was knee deep and spilling into the streets. permalink Donold 2 points 32 minutes ago NO. Jesus was a Hebrew Nazarene born in the roman state of Judea. Jew comes from the people of the kingdom of Judah which was created by 1 of the tribes of Israel and collapsed in 560BC. JESUS WAS NOT NOR WAS HE EVER A "JEW" Hebrews are the sons of Japeth, Jews are the sons of Ham, not the sons of Shem like fake jews claim, Shem was an Arab, he settled Arabia. permalink ArthurJ 1 points 16 minutes ago Jesus also said: "But I say unto you, that every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment." I guess you'll have an interesting judgement day. permalink 24601 2 points 1 hour ago That's wrong... of course... The crucifix is a Catholic symbol. The bare cross is used by most other Christian sects, since the image of Christ on the cross is considered idolatry. However, there are multiple religions and cults which venerate some sort of cross symbol. permalink Donold 1 points 28 minutes ago Catholics are Hebrews, the cross represents god of the mind in the physical sense - your skull has a cross on the top on an inverted cross on the top of your mouth. In the old tongue when you spoke the word of god you would press your tongue on the roof of your mouth to speak the word of god or Tor, you would act out the commands of god as an actor. In the spiritual sense it was the stars in the heaven that could lead them back to Eden. Hebrews are the people of Hiber, or Hibernians, ancient Irish catholics. The Irish flag is orange hair, white skin and green eyes. The emerald isles are the emerald eyes. The emerald Isles in North Carolina were one of the places iN America they came because it was easily defensible and could shelter there boats and fish. The Faroah island were the home of the Hebrew royalty and the place where the pharaoh of Egypt came from. permalink okboomer59 1 points 41 minutes ago During the iconoclastic controversy, the Church concluded that to label an image of Jesus as idolatry is to deny that Jesus was fully human in the flesh permalink RStroud 0 points 28 minutes ago Crucifix is hardly Catholic. permalink okboomer59 1 points 44 minutes ago that's called a crucifix permalink Donold -1 points 1 hour ago The (northern) cross is a navigational aid used to cross the ocean. "And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years" You can use the northern cross for direction, season and time. permalink 731 Oi yu hoive a loicence for that?! 🚫 1984 🚫 posted 2 hours ago by dirtysanchez69 28 comments