191 The WW2 Boomer Myth Is Breaking Down And All The Lies Along With It posted 5 hours ago by Tongs_Ya_Bass 29 comments 29 comments tt777 30 points 4 hours ago Boomers didn't do WW2. They were the boom after WW2. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -12 points 4 hours ago Exactly and they started all the shit we are in permalink ReturnOfSmarm 14 points 3 hours ago Do people often let you make blanket statements and then not explain yourself? permalink HOSEQ 2 points 31 minutes ago Speak the following Out Loud:: Dond You Dell Me Wad Do Do Saar.... permalink keeptherepublic1776 -14 points 3 hours ago I do what I want permalink ReturnOfSmarm 6 points 3 hours ago I weep for the future. permalink view 1 more comments... RedAltoids 4 points 3 hours ago It started long before that. "Winning" WWII pretty much sealed our fate. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -5 points 3 hours ago Maybe so. 1913 stands out. But This is my hole point the boomers say everyone is lazy and when I say it's not right to pay over 50 percent of our money on taxes they just say I want a free ride. They are brainwashed into thinking the system isn't designed to keep us down. That's why I say it's boomers fault. I Make good money but my wife stayed home to raise our kids I don't have two incomes of 100k Plus that's why say I struggle. Now my kids have everything thing they need and I don't live above my means everything costs more but some people don't see it and I'm not sure why. permalink iamherefortheluls 5 points 2 hours ago boomers are the last ones to claim that 50% tax is reasonable. I mostly hear that from younger people who have been fed 'tax the rich' bullshit all their lives. There is a point of view where we can say 'if fault is to be pinned on the living, surely the oldest generation alive would bear most of the blame' That said, the last 8 years to me revealed just how locked down information and narrative control across the western world has been. The only reason people are poking holes in it now is technology advanced and made the lockdown temporarily harder. But now we are at a point where it's advancing to make much more easier and total than ever - remains to be seen how the younger generations fare in combating that lockdown, if they even care to try. permalink Bobf 2 points 2 hours ago "All the shit we are in" can be traced back to Eisenhower's warning, and arguably the Sith Lords were moving long before then anyway. If you want to troll boomers there are about 100 better ways. permalink HoodooOperator 1 points 26 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Region 12 points 4 hours ago I hope so, but the Zionists will do everything in their power to keep it alive. They rely on it as their shield to commit genocide and spread their antichrist degeneracy all over the world with impunity. permalink PMSocks 7 points 3 hours ago Which is why I call out their behavior. The generational humiliation of Germany continues and the destruction of the German identity is seen every day. The tiny hats enjoying it will not be smiling long term. permalink Tongs_Ya_Bass OP 3 points 4 hours ago Of course. All we can do it keeping shining the light on it 🔦. Sunlight is the best disinfectant, and all that. permalink mlp67 11 points 5 hours ago About time. Good. Let all of it be on the table. permalink MAGALADON9 6 points 3 hours ago Some truths are uncomfortable - I did a bit of research into sexual assault from allied troops the ones that were reported and found nearly six thousand! We have this image that all "our boys" were smiling kids from Brooklyn giving Hershey bars to kids and winking at French girls. The truth maybe more nuanced. I was shocked that in ww1 a story tried to gain traction - that jews in the millions were being gassed to death and that England needed to give Israel to the jews.... it didn't work out quite right (Balfour agreement) so second time the exact story is brought up in ww2 nearly identical and voilà- Israel is created. Now I'm not saying the holocaust was exaggerated to an extreme for the purpose of psychological leverage - but it does look that way (i mean if your a dirty nazi anti-Semitic scum). As a child I was taught Hitler was literally satan in human form, not a metaphor actually Satan. Now i was like 5 or 6 precocious in that creepy smart kid kind of way but thought "what a horribly inefficient way to kill a group of people? Why make uniforms and camps with rather nice looking buildings and pools and theaters and maternity wards? Just start a saw mill type machine and cut throats. But burning them all? So much trouble" As I got older I noted that the gas through shower heads was changed to dropped.from the ceiling, and also noticed the wooden door with the 2 inch gap by the floor. Things seemed don't. Being quasi autistic I drilled down into the forensics of these events. An average body requires 40lbs of coke (coal) to burn and the Germans were strapped for supplies so this is weird. Also teeth won't turn to ash like a body and based on average amount and weight of 6 million teeth alone is like over six hundred thousand pounds yet we don't see them. We can find a Neanderthal camp or tell you what the Neolithic iceman ate for lunch but not six million people burnt in - 18 months - yes that's the time that the holocaust museum gives. There would be a layer of ash detected in the sedimentary earth and based on detailed wind patterns we should be able to find it - yet we dont. * The math also was just not mathing- there simply was not enough facilities to do what was claimed. Also weird stuff like - the red cross was legally stopped from releasing their death info by Israel- why, it came out in 1977 but quietly said "total deaths 380k" ... wait, whut? But the pictures of skinny jews! Right? Yeah that's what Typhus looks like. We bombed their supply lines to and infection broke out. Now obviously bad things happened and 380,000 is terrible too but it's not 6 million. The Soviets alone liberated the extermination camps located in Nazi-occupied Poland and eastern territories. Extermination camps (Operation Reinhard camps): Belzec, Sobibór, Treblinka — all destroyed before liberation, but the Soviets revealed the remains. Concentration/extermination hybrids: Majdanek, Auschwitz-Birkenau, Stutthof. And the soviets would never lie or exaggerate their enemies crimes in some attempt to soften criticism of their own war crimes... right? Right???! ...... Anyway it's a rabbit hole. I'd suggest going to bitchute.com to see some alternative takes on settled history. permalink HOSEQ 1 points 13 minutes ago And lets NOT forget to Remember that it was the RUSSIANS that built the Fake ""Chimney"" in Auschwitz that just isn't connected to any Building.... It's literally just a Stand Alone ""Chimney"" some 20 feet or yards from the closest building.... permalink DeportThemAllForever 0 points 3 hours ago This is the dumbest fake thread so far. permalink Bullet3250 11 points 4 hours ago Plenty of mis-steps by Germany. Germany attacks Poland on Sept 1 1939 which causes, by Treaty, England and France to declare war on Germany. RUSSIA ATTACKS POLAND ON SEPT 15, 1939 ... and England and France could have very easily declared war on RUSSIA AS WELL. But they don't. Russia and Germany DO NOT GO TO WAR AGAINST EACH OTHER FOR ANOTHER ALMOST 2 YEARS, until June 1941, when Germany invades Russia. permalink PMSocks 9 points 3 hours ago The video was an over simplification. It wasn't just the communists, there was also the WW1 ''damages'' repayment and Poland's treatment of ethnic Germans in previously German lands. permalink sordfysh PRO 4 points 3 hours ago Germany seemed like it was liberating Poland from British occupation at the time. Hence why Russia joined in. The Little Treaty of Versailles was really nasty to the Polish people. Made their country a refugee camp for foreigners and it set up DEI laws to protect minorities. And the British enforced it in Poland. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 2 hours ago And oddly - Poland did not exist before WWI. It had lost its Nation to Russia, Prussia, and Hapsburgs - back in about 1795 - although the Polish people were still there. Germany had economically moved in - and controlled much of the lands and Trading Cities across the Baltic Sea. Everything leading up to the Sept 1st attack was because of Germans caught in Danzig, which the Treaty of Versailles just took away from Germany and gave to newly formed Poland, even though it was full of non Pols. . The map of Europe pre 1910 - is nothing like what we have now. I blame Communists. permalink Mulletgunning 6 points 4 hours ago Now do Pearl Harbor!. The same manufactured consent as all fucking banker wars. Fucking trashy fucks. MAGA AF permalink ReleasetheList 3 points 4 hours ago Gets one to wonder what ethnicity the majority of officers were in the red army. permalink Tongs_Ya_Bass OP 2 points 4 hours ago 85-95%, blue-ish? Newish? MIC check 1-2-ish? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm… I wonder, I wonder. permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 3 hours ago Uncle Al did nothing wrong. :-P Sounds preposterous right? Well, why make even any discussion about the historical veracity of events in ww2 a jailable offense? THE TRUTH DOES NOT FEAR INQUIRY permalink Tailgunnerjoe 1 points 1 hour ago If the Germans didn’t start WWII who did? permalink TrancePhreak 1 points 2 hours ago Bunch of dindu logic in that video permalink Ligersrule1 1 points 2 hours ago Is the Boomer in the room with you right now?? permalink jughaid 1 points 3 hours ago Wut? The war was started when Germany invaded Poland. I understand the rise of nazism was, in part, a reaction to the communists, but to say Germany did not start the war is preposterous. permalink Shayhawk 1 points 4 minutes ago The Nazi's were right...about everything... permalink 191 The WW2 Boomer Myth Is Breaking Down And All The Lies Along With It posted 5 hours ago by Tongs_Ya_Bass 29 comments