939 JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." (everyday I love JD more and more) posted 4 hours ago by grannylovestrump 40 comments CJ Pearson @thecjpearson • 15h JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." 40 comments Bullet3250 40 points 3 hours ago It proves Gavin is a Sociopath. Beyond all doubt. permalink hellohellohellohell 14 points 3 hours ago Californian Psycho "There is an idea of a Gavin Newsom, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there. It is hard for me to make sense on any given level. Myself is fabricated, an aberration. I am a noncontingent human being. My personality is sketchy and unformed, my heartlessness goes deep and is persistent. My conscience, my pity, my hopes disappeared a long time ago (probably at Harvard) if they ever did exist. There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it, I have now surpassed. I still, though, hold on to one single bleak truth: no one is safe, nothing is redeemed. Yet I am blameless. Each model of human behavior must be assumed to have some validity. Is evil something you are? Or is it something you do? My pain is constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this—and I have countless times, in just about every act I’ve committed—and coming face-to-face with these truths, there is no catharsis. I gain no deeper knowledge about myself, no new understanding can be extracted from my telling. There has been no reason for me to tell you any of this. This confession has meant nothing…." permalink RonPaulWasRight 12 points 2 hours ago Holy shit Gavin Newsom is the real life Patrick Bateman. He probably goes to the tenderloin district to kill homeless people for fun. permalink victory2024 5 points 2 hours ago Why do you think he's done nothing about the homeless problem? More prey for his sick desires. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 1 hour ago You misspelled "Ed Buck's house." permalink dc53dc53 1 points 2 hours ago And a faggot permalink hazelknut 15 points 3 hours ago Newscum is just throwing shit at the wall, hoping something sticks. permalink RizzlieDoodad 8 points 4 hours ago Ok that's a take, but he's still popular amongst Democrats permalink anotherthing 27 points 3 hours ago He's popular amongst Democrats because all they have is shit. He's just the best floating turd in their punchbowl. permalink KGB82 9 points 3 hours ago Law of 'Somethings got to give.' Dems look llike total dickwad losers and make it only easier for people to walk away. And he's right about Trump's authenticity.Because by mimicking authenticity, even if in mocking (which is only done because of the vacuum of their wit), they just seem all the more disingenuous and losing. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 2 points 3 hours ago Because there's an obvious sub-group of people who want to be cared for / fostered / kept. Then you don't have the burden of responsibility and accountability. You get to remain child-like. It goes hand and hand with victimhood. permalink ANon-GMO 2 points 2 hours ago There's the Democrat's problem: No Bench. permalink PirateLaffite 1 points 29 minutes ago Old school dems. The fringe left will hold that privileged white male stuff against him. permalink MagaJay02 6 points 3 hours ago That, and Trump follows through on promises. Maybe if Cali had an awesome bullet train, no more homeless, and other things like that. But those promises became money pits and got worse, not better permalink Elonmuskbedo 1 points 1 hour ago Like releasing the Epstein files and ending the Ukraine war? permalink GnuYow 6 points 3 hours ago A look at their last three Presidential candidates, at least, shows they have really needed to learn this lesson for a long time. Obama was a phony and a liar as well, but I think they really believed in him. permalink DogFacedPepeSoldier 1 points 17 minutes ago They still do. And most of the time they can't name a single accomplishment he achieved permalink DCPower 4 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink SuperUser 3 points 3 hours ago I really hope 2028 isn't Gavin vs Vance. Fkin someone send in kanye or something. permalink Mulletgunning 3 points 3 hours ago News um sucks! Don't get enamored by the Tech bro mafia Thiel protoge. Thiel is Palantir Intel asset faggot who is literally a faggot who believes in full authoritarian control with their data collection centers and AI bullshit plus surveillance state policies on top of trans humanist shit. Don Jr. was the one who got boondoggle by Tech bro mafia money . Better start paying attention to these tyrants surrounding GEOTUS. Bad enough he's got Israel first in his orbit non stop. Miller,Zeldin,or Gaetz would be better for MAGA POTUS . They are all about MAGA AF to the bone. permalink The_Emperor 1 points 2 hours ago U no like JD? permalink JayKay1776 3 points 2 hours ago It just shows you how pathetic not only he is The Californians are for allowing this to happen. In California is wonder why the most of the nation hates them and flips them off when we see their plates driving down our roads. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 2 hours ago We need another non politician like President Trump was back in 2015. Someone that our Founding Father's wrote in our Constitution that has allowed our country to prepare for again, a hard working American who loves this country. Newsom loves himself more and he's fallen into the money pit of materialism that distances himself from the common man, like a movie star. He's built a world inside himself that is fake and gay. permalink MrJinxy 2 points 1 hour ago Poor JD has to squat to talk to these lowlifes. permalink Pissonit 2 points 3 hours ago Wish he would have said Don't be a Retard.... permalink EffectiveTactics 2 points 2 hours ago If you covered a used car salesman in grease, he still wouldn’t be more slimy that Newscum. permalink grannylovestrump OP 1 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/thecjpearson/status/1958310870578340331 permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 2 hours ago Left or Right doesn't even like Gavin Newsom he is no threat if they even run him they are knowingly just throwing on purpose for Republicans to win. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 7 minutes ago Too bad he married a demon worshipper. permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 2 hours ago In mid 60s corrupt Dem sociopath LBJ (who did his part in JFK hit) made the political mistake of publicly responding to has-been Nixon's criticism of Johnson's Vietnam ramp up. Overnight that projected Nixon back into national spotlight. IMO Pres T has been advised not to make that mistake. So his references are funny and accurate nicknames. JDV in front of this is doing his part to elevate that California cancer into the spotlight. JDV & Rubio vs Newscum and whomever would fall 65% to 35% in a clean election. But we haven't had a clean election since Ike in 56. permalink Bbme19 1 points 1 hour ago Gavin Newsome is a fake and his staff writes those "tweets" up. permalink 2Clutch 1 points 1 hour ago Nuisance is a greasy used car salesman, nothing more. permalink CommanderOfCheese 1 points 2 hours ago Trump is the only political figure to not have "handlers" to arrange every aspect of their public image. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 1 points 2 hours ago Gavin, like Obama, thrives on the attention of the narcissist. He honestly doesn't deserve the conversation he gets from people actually doing things. It'd be best to ignore tools like this, even acknowledging them is giving them too much credit. permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 1 hour ago Newsom is American Psycho. Also JD is going to be a fine leader one day. permalink TheImpossible1 -6 points 3 hours ago Vance is still Elon and Thiel's cock holster. permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 hours ago Prove it. What has he done that Elon and Thiel told him to do? permalink Fistmagic 1 points 52 minutes ago That damn matriarchy again permalink RonPaulWasRight 0 points 2 hours ago You're your dad's cock holster. permalink TheImpossible1 1 points 1 hour ago Fuck you and fuck Palantir. permalink 939 JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is." (everyday I love JD more and more) posted 4 hours ago by grannylovestrump 40 comments CJ Pearson @thecjpearson • 15h JD Vance nails it: "The idea that Gavin Newsom is somehow going to mimic Donald Trump's style, that ignores the fundamental genius of President Trump's political success, which is that he's authentic. He just is who he is."