800 CA Supreme Court Rules Against GOP Petition to Halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act (redstate.com) posted 13 hours ago by Trick 60 comments BREAKING: CA Supreme Court Rules on GOP Petition to Halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act CA Supreme Court denies GOP petition to halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act. redstate.com 60 comments DJT_MFers1 74 points 13 hours ago Time to gerrymander the other GOP states permalink IncredibleMrE1 36 points 13 hours ago Long past time. permalink DonFlamenco -4 points 11 hours ago The GOP is against gerrymandering faggot. That’s a leftist thing. permalink Mr_Rightside 35 points 12 hours ago 100% Every red state that has a majority in their State House and Senate should gerrymander every single Demonrat seat in their state. There's currently 8 states that have zero Republicans in Congress. Connecticut (5 Seats) Delaware (1 Seat) Maine (2 Seats) Massachusetts (9 Seats) New Hampshire (2 Seats) New Mexico (3 Seats) Rhode Island (2 Seats) Vermont (1 Seat) Tom MacDonald dissed Greasy Gavin Newscum in his new song - The Devil Is A Democrat: "The devil lives in California. He a politician. He passin' bills that bring chaos and division. Yeah the devil lives in California, should be in prison. He got horns but he tries to keep em hidden. The devil lives in California. Hundred dollar bills. He knows everyone in Hollywood, and parties in The Hills. Give you everything you ever wanted, plus a couple mil, for your soul and your vote...it's a deal." Tom MacDonald: Oh man, so Gavin Newsom just called me gay on X. And just for the record Gavin Newsom is not interested in men, he's only interested in the wives of his best friends. You can look that up. Yes the hag and the fag (quoting RazörFist ) who write Newscum's tweets for him in a moment of peak irony called Tom gay. Tom MacDonald: Billboard stops collecting our numbers tomorrow at dinner time. So if you can, please download The Devil Is A Democrat on iTunes tonight, and then we'll have the first ever Gavin Newsom diss track in history go #1 on Billboard. It's Tom vs that degenerate Cardi B. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 10 points 12 hours ago Thanks for posting the Tom MacDonald video. I've been meaning to look it up, but you did it for me 👍 permalink Mr_Rightside 4 points 12 hours ago Np fren. permalink TheRPatriot 8 points 12 hours ago Fuckin New England man…. What a disaster. Beautiful region but completely compromised permalink bidensmissingbrain 7 points 12 hours ago Now hold on a minute. We don't do that type of thing in the GOP. We take the High Road™ and play by the rules, even when the other team is completely ignoring them. We do this because maybe someday it'll get everyone to understand we're not as bad as the other side says we are. After all, the best defense is siphoning off billions of dollars in donations to line our pockets show everyone how nice we are. permalink PatriotLady1 9 points 12 hours ago OF COURSE Calif. dudes DENIED aka "ruled against" GOP TIME TO APPEAL ... permalink DonFlamenco 1 points 11 hours ago If they’re allowed to do it in TX then why not CA? Increase the GOP count in all the states. permalink thebeercules 3 points 11 hours ago Texas redistricting is based upon changes in demographics, Commiefornia is trying to redistrict because "they may lose the midterms" one has merit under the law, the other doesn't, Ill let you guess which one :D permalink DonFlamenco 3 points 11 hours ago But the GOP can increase the number of seats in CA too so let it happen. I thought this stuff was only done at the end of the decade so I’m not even sure why it’s happening now. permalink thebeercules 1 points 11 hours ago Show me where it says it can only be done once every decade?! It just says it has to be done at least once per decade. If Texas feels the demographics in their state has changed enough to warrant a redistricting than its well within their rights to redistrict. permalink view 2 more comments... highlandparker 23 points 13 hours ago Pinko judges permalink ModsAreCucked 12 points 12 hours ago Any judge that says gerrymandering is illegal is the pinko judge. Gerrymandering is plainly constitutional. CA Supreme Court is a joke but there’s nothing wrong with this ruling. It’s up to red states to fight back and redo their own districts. permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 5 points 10 hours ago The ruling wasn't about gerrymandering. It was about the rule that a bill must be available to the public for 30days before any vote. First dems didn't write a bill they just altered an old one then published the bill number. Then argued that the 30 days was satisfied twice ... once with original bill and 2nd 30 days after the bill number was published. Court held that publishing only the bill number satisfied both letter and intent of law. Ruling is utter crap. Intent of 30day law as to inform public of nature of bill and give time for public feedback/pressure. Simple notice that a bill exists does not satisfy the intent of the law at all. Must appeal to SCOTUS. permalink tpactionchasethevote 14 points 13 hours ago These double negative sentences confuse me a lot. The court ruled against something to be against something, which means the court ruled in favor of something? permalink ModsAreCucked 24 points 12 hours ago Newscum wants to gerrymander in response to what Texas did. California has an “independent commission” that sets California’s districts. Newscum wants to ignore the commission and redraw the lines to give democrats more seats. The GOP asked the CA Supreme Court to stop Newscum. The California Supreme Court said “no, I don’t think we will.” Reality is both sides have gerrymandered, democrats have done it more, the CA commission was never independent and CA’s lines are already rigged— all of politics is corrupt and Republicans need to stop with the “principles” act and go to war with commies like Trump is. permalink tpactionchasethevote 5 points 11 hours ago Thank you for the good info! permalink Gunmolester 11 points 13 hours ago they are all a bunch of activist commies appointed by other commies permalink MythArcana 9 points 13 hours ago Federal agencies anyone? Hello? Bueller? 🦗💤 permalink Wupta PRO 7 points 12 hours ago This is a stolen state and MAGA has to really step up to destroy the scum. permalink CaliBlonde 7 points 12 hours ago If passed, California will be down to 4 Republican districts. Is this taxation without representation yet? permalink HoganT 6 points 13 hours ago Can’t cry about anyone else doing it now. If California is “rigging” then so are we. Don’t make us look like complete hypocrites with zero integrity or intellectual consistency. permalink 2016TrumpMAGA 11 points 12 hours ago Fuck integrity. I want dead commies. permalink HoganT -3 points 12 hours ago You want dead Americans. And you’re willing to argue in completely opposite directions, only hours and posts apart. You’re everything you pretend to hate and fight against. permalink RonPaulWasRight 4 points 12 hours ago There's a flaw in your logic: commies aren't people. permalink TheCandiru 4 points 12 hours ago Commies aren't even people, let alone Americans. permalink 2016TrumpMAGA -1 points 12 hours ago A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines. With consistency a great soul has simply nothing to do. He may as well concern himself with his shadow on the wall. Speak what you think now in hard words, and to-morrow speak what to-morrow thinks in hard words again, though it contradict every thing you said to-day. — 'Ah, so you shall be sure to be misunderstood.' — Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood. permalink HoganT -2 points 11 hours ago Dumbest fucking thing I’ve read in months. And this is the internet we’re talking about. None of those people completely contradicted themselves post by post depending solely on who it was talking about and which direction aids a list for absolute power. You’re an idiot. permalink Dead_Sennacherib 6 points 12 hours ago This is good. When this doesn't pass and he's humiliated it will be another failure to go against his inevitable presidential run. permalink seeyouinvalhalla 1 points 9 hours ago Yeah, this time we have Arnold on our side permalink BILLIONSnBILLIONS 5 points 12 hours ago Trump needs to hurry up and deport the illegals in California the likes of which we've never seen. permalink perma-maga 5 points 12 hours ago By law the California Citizens Redistricting Commission draws the districts, not the Legislature. https://wedrawthelines.ca.gov/about-us/ permalink splink 4 points 13 hours ago Lawfare strikes again. permalink _Sully_ 3 points 13 hours ago This will absolutely trash the democrats in CA. permalink ModsAreCucked 3 points 12 hours ago Muh gerrymandering isn’t election rigging. It’s entirely constitutional. Stop giving Newscum the attention that he’s begging for. permalink Hikedelics 9 points 12 hours ago Read the article, the lawsuit is over California’s “30 day rule” that they circumvented to bring the gerrymandering bill, not the bill itsel. permalink Nomad899 2 points 12 hours ago And water is wet permalink Irishrocket 2 points 12 hours ago This just in: Water is wet! permalink Cville123 2 points 12 hours ago Shocker permalink BrionK 2 points 12 hours ago From the people that gave you the Warren court permalink Daffy 2 points 12 hours ago California is lost barring a miracle. permalink tired-of-crap 1 points 6 hours ago Guess it is time to proceed to federal court For violations of federal election laws permalink CaJuN-Polak 1 points 3 hours ago If they can't count the illegals, gerrymandering won't be able to follow the "every district has approximately the same number of citizens" rule. Trump needs to force the census on CA and get the illegals off the books, once and for all. Send ICE out with the census people. permalink mass55th 1 points 11 hours ago Sounds like that's California's State Supreme Court. Fuck that and a petition to that State Court. This is a Federal issue. File a fucking lawsuit with the Federal Government morons. permalink chahn1138 1 points 2 hours ago Yes, our Corruption goes that far! permalink HuntersDeeler 0 points 11 hours ago Why the fuck is Kid Rock supporting Newsome?? What a faggot. He just lost a fan and many more I’m sure. permalink Krampus5150 2 points 10 hours ago He isn't at all. It was a smear campaign by the Newsom fucks and they are actively getting sued by Kid Rock for it. Do some research. permalink HuntersDeeler 0 points 10 hours ago I dunno. Looks pretty legit. How do you know it’s a smear campaign? That faggot didn’t even wear a suit in the Oval Office. Blatant disrespect for the office so I’m not so surprised that he supports that fag. permalink Krampus5150 3 points 8 hours ago Because it's been all over the fucking news tonight as well as with Kid himself saying he is suing. permalink Frfrfrfrfr -8 points 13 hours ago So Texas is patriotic, in California it's election rigging? permalink 2016TrumpMAGA 8 points 12 hours ago Yes. permalink thejuicycrab 6 points 12 hours ago Nah, in Texas it's turnabout is fair play. In California it's just business as usual. I sincerely hope you pull your head out of your ass someday. permalink NancyPeloci 5 points 12 hours ago Texas is 32% Democrat districts, California is 17% Republican districts. Do you need any more help? permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 2 points 10 hours ago You seem to intentionally ignore the percentage each party won in the respective states versus the percentage of districts/seats each state holds. Therein lay the rigging. But you know that dont you ya cunt. permalink 800 CA Supreme Court Rules Against GOP Petition to Halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act (redstate.com) posted 13 hours ago by Trick 60 comments BREAKING: CA Supreme Court Rules on GOP Petition to Halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act CA Supreme Court denies GOP petition to halt Newsom's Election Rigging Act. redstate.com ×