236 Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania.......... "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the assassin..." posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 15 comments Girl patriot @Girlpatriot1974 • 6h Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the 15 comments davidw221 14 points 3 hours ago Bongino said he was going to get to the bottom of Butler, so far crickets! permalink spinometer2 6 points 2 hours ago I'm sure someone told him the truth about everything on the first day and he's just playing too much golf to get around to doing something about it permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink CasuallyObservant 9 points 5 hours ago So which one was the person in charge that popped Crooks? permalink Trumptrooper23 8 points 2 hours ago 3 shots, then 5 rapid fire shots, then 1 shot FROM A COP wounds crooks, then 10 SECONDS LATER THE SNIPER KILLS CROOKS permalink spinometer2 4 points 2 hours ago were the first 8 all into the crowd / at Trump? permalink bill_in_texas 8 points 1 hour ago Nobody ever brought up the fact that the SS sniper, in photos before the incident, was set up with his rifle facing the rooftop the patsy kid was on. Strange coincidence. permalink JustInTime2_ 7 points 56 minutes ago These people were trying to JFK Trump on live tv. permalink MegoThor 3 points 31 minutes ago They even brought in foreign correspondents to cover it. permalink Bigredmullet 6 points 1 hour ago 5 shell casings found on the roof near this guy per body cam footage...should be 8... First 3 shots are controlled and have a very distinct timing of a pro...next 5 shots are spray and pray timing of a newb permalink RedDon 3 points 49 minutes ago I wonder if Trump believes the lies the agencies have told him about this whole thing and has simply moved on from it or what? Does he think it was an inside job or that SS did a great job protecting him and there’s nothing else to it? permalink Pats5x 2 points 25 minutes ago I don't doubt any of this permalink King_Boobus_Toobus 2 points 18 minutes ago It's so surprising that there seems to be no sense of urgency to investigate Butler. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 51 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 236 Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania.......... "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the assassin..." posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 15 comments Girl patriot @Girlpatriot1974 • 6h Dave Collum talks to Tucker about the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania "The guy who shot Thomas Crooks was the same guy who organized the protection of Trump. The guy who was in charge of making sure that after the assassination was done, he popped the