272 Bizarre things happening at Smithsonian. posted 5 hours ago by kinbergfan 38 comments Rapid Response 47 @RapidResponse47 • 19h The Smithsonian's "LGBTQ+ History" includes "lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, transgender, queer, transsexual, transvestite, mahu, homosexual, fluid, invert, urning, third sex, two sex, gender-bender, sapphist, hijra, friend of Dorothy, drag queen/king, and many other experiences." 🤨 38 comments seeling0 27 points 5 hours ago Take mental illness, redefine it as an identity, give it an array of names and then demand that the sane accept it all as healthy reality. This is why the pendulum is swinging back to the right. No one with a stake in a strong, functioning society wants this. permalink Gigigurrlll 7 points 5 hours ago 100% agree! Exactly the right words to describe what is happening today. My word choice, "The patients are running the asylum." permalink sleepinggiant 6 points 3 hours ago If you go back to why homosexuality is a mental illness that shit made way more sense than this shit trying to claim its not. permalink RolandDelacroix 1 points 27 minutes ago Because it's rooted in pre pubescent abuse by adult males? permalink lifeisahologram 18 points 3 hours ago Museum Guide: “Here we have a section honoring David Homo” 😊 Guest: “What did he do” 🤨 Museum Guide: “He was the first black gay transsexual radio operator” 😃 Guest: “so you’re honoring him because he is the first radio operator to stick his penis inside an asshole?” Museum Guide: “No!” 😡 Guest: “Well he wasn’t the first ever radio operator, so what are you honoring him for?” 🤔 Museum: “well, we’re honoring him….for…being the first…. radio operator to stick his penis inside an asshole…” 😬 permalink Oback_Barama 5 points 2 hours ago …And next is Lance Fagsmith. He’s the first gay black Midget radio operator. permalink Duce30 10 points 4 hours ago Sapphist, hijra and friend of Dorothy? WTF is this shit? Actually I dont want to know cause im sure its fucked up. Disgusting. Better question is why is the Smithsonian even entertaining this garbage? Time to fired the woke retards running it! permalink flashersenpai 2 points 22 minutes ago Friend of dorothy is literally just what gays used to call each other to keep their gay secret. It's not a sexual orientation, and I'm pretty sure nobody says that shit anymore. permalink Jimmyprawns 1 points 4 minutes ago This sounds like a recurrent meme waiting to happen. permalink CloudNine 6 points 3 hours ago I had to look it up- Friend of Dorothy is a term for a gay man, derived from the character Dorothy Gale of the Oz series or the actress Judy Garland. The term was used to avoid hostility and express solidarity in the 20th century, and has connections to queer subtext, rainbow flag, and Judy Garland's life. permalink 24601 4 points 1 hour ago Rule 1: Gay should no longer be used to describe a homosexual. Let's call it what it is.... Homosexuality. permalink HumblePepe 2 points 54 minutes ago Thought it was a secret term for pedophile. permalink CasuallyObservant 4 points 5 hours ago Insanity. Idiocracy. We must right this listing ship! permalink goat_nebula 3 points 2 hours ago Gender-Bender and Friend of Dorothy. I feel like some of these weirdos are the punch line to a bad prank and just have no clue. permalink Jimmyprawns 1 points 3 minutes ago Satan is the ultimate prankster. He loves to make fools of humans and watch them suffer in confusion. Its one of the few ways he can get at God. permalink eclectic22 3 points 5 hours ago Invert? Pervert! permalink Antenna 3 points 3 hours ago WTF is "mahu"? permalink Perseverant 4 points 2 hours ago It's what you say when you're fat and you sneeze. permalink tt777 2 points 4 hours ago Disgusting. permalink HoodooOperator 2 points 38 minutes ago Faggots are exhausting permalink indigo_truther 2 points 2 hours ago So glad I don't know most of these permalink Perseverant 2 points 2 hours ago "We get it, we get it. You have 20 different ways to say pervert." permalink Captain92 2 points 2 hours ago You solved world hunger, create technological marvels, and saved millions of lives. That's what people care about. Not how much cock you take up the butt from your boyfriend named Larry. In fact, we could really care less. permalink eclectic22 2 points 5 hours ago They are mocking us. permalink Trumptrooper23 2 points 2 hours ago Urning??? permalink Perseverant 1 points 2 hours ago Desiring to be cremated. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 23 minutes ago "Friend of Dorothy?" They just take euphemisms and turn them into sex categories now permalink Herpawinski 1 points 2 hours ago They should have their own little museum so nobody else has to see that shit. permalink Tophat9000 1 points 1 hour ago Friends of Dorothy? That's a thing? permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 21 minutes ago The Deep State learned a lot about psychology from mental institutions and prisons and have applied it to the general population now for years. And we see the toxic effect on left and right. The Mind Virus has created and radicalized people. Polarized them into some kind of Trance or Brainwashing. Woke Left and Woke Right. For them its like everything is about BASE things like Identity, gender, and race. There appears no respect by radical left or right for the sacred and time honored tradition of individuality and individual rights we have fought for over the course of history. It means things are going to go bad eventually no matter which side is in charge because Globalist Oligarchs control it all anyhow. How many of you have ever looked up the WEF Stakeholders, and gone looking at the Board of Directors of those organizations to see who they really are? So many of you are more heart then objective brain power and that does not make you bad, it just makes you angry and ignorant. But at least on the political right, many of us, including my Jewish ass, come by that anger honestly in reaction to the genuine insanity of the left. At least the White Supremacist will give me a Warning and SET BOUNDARIES. The Leftist will just shoot you in the back. Ask my friend Seth Rich. He was a good dude. You can't ask him though. They shot him in the back. permalink ConductProbation 1 points 3 hours ago So... now the most important US history and meaning is defined as perverts and slavery. Got it. permalink Mungo 1 points 1 hour ago “Friend of Dorothy???” permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 6 minutes ago "SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX." -The Smithsonian permalink DJTJ2024 1 points 3 hours ago Dafuq is a mahu? permalink Herpawinski 2 points 1 hour ago A word invented to make people ask "What is a mahu?" so they can fill your head with some invert propaganda bullshit. They obviously make up words just so that people will look them up. permalink HumblePepe 1 points 55 minutes ago What's a "friend of Dorothy??" Is that a new pedophile term? permalink flashersenpai 1 points 21 minutes ago old old term gays used to identify each other without saying "gay" permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 2 hours ago The Smithsonian needs to be heavily sprayed with DEI-LIB-Nitwit disinfectant. permalink 272 Bizarre things happening at Smithsonian. posted 5 hours ago by kinbergfan 38 comments Rapid Response 47 @RapidResponse47 • 19h The Smithsonian's "LGBTQ+ History" includes "lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, transgender, queer, transsexual, transvestite, mahu, homosexual, fluid, invert, urning, third sex, two sex, gender-bender, sapphist, hijra, friend of Dorothy, drag queen/king, and many other experiences." 🤨