982 MSNBC IS DOING SO POORLY IN THE RATINGS THAT THEY ARE LOOKING TO CHANGE THEIR NAME IN ORDER TO GET AWAY FROM THE STENCH OF THEIR FAKE NEWS PRODUCT TRUMP TRUTH posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 54 comments 54 comments Colorado-Living 42 points 10 hours ago There's those mean tweets I've grown to love permalink KennethsFrequency 13 points 8 hours ago Me fuckin TOO! He's within his rights to fucking drone strike these traitors , for the sheer amount of mindfuck they've done to the US citizenry Lol I love when he twists the knife in his opponents, he knows most of these lightweights personally and he isn't afraid to call them pieces of shit, even while they try to rebrand permalink Burneraccountno4 2 points 1 hour ago The people that choose to watch that shit are already mind fucked. They watch it to have their crazy world view validated. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 45 minutes ago It drives the Dems so crazy you have no idea. I see it in real time in Philly. Dems are sputtering, furious, rage-seething, and knocked off their game. That's the genius of it - this excessive celebration in the end zone makes Dems who were taking their Ls pretty badly already just go off the deep end. So for example, Dem friends, one a lawyer, are not making fucking sense. Wow. Never have seen this. They're ranting about some tangential talking point with no bearing on reality. It's like watching the Simpson's cat lady. What can I do, I just nod, and say mmmm wow okay. But my face has to be looking pretty shocked at their inability to accept the results of a democratic election. permalink TruculentGoose 4 points 7 hours ago From the top rope! permalink Simple_Doot 3 points 6 hours ago Yes! As I was reading it I was like "This is fuckin' poetry!" permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 48 minutes ago Ruthless and hilarious. permalink TheMaji 23 points 10 hours ago Over the cliff and into oblivion. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 8 points 8 hours ago We need a Thelma and Louise meme but it’s Madcow and either Joy Reid or Ol’ “Intern’s Bane” Joe Scarborough clasping hands and hitting the gas in the Fake News Convertible permalink cyberrigger 6 points 9 hours ago PMS NOW permalink Meister_Bockmist 6 points 6 hours ago These witches are as dry as an Amish liquor cabinet. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 9 hours ago Consult the image: https://media.scored.co/scale/aO4QVI2JFlFFahPM.jpeg permalink Cuetardian 22 points 9 hours ago MSNOW More Shit No One Watches permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 5 points 9 hours ago more stupidity* permalink Justlooking250 3 points 8 hours ago MSNBC More Shit No Body Cares permalink GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 8 hours ago And the multi million dollar consultant loses his job. Again. permalink Doritalos 18 points 9 hours ago "concast" lol permalink WiseCracker155 8 points 9 hours ago That one'll stick! Lol. permalink HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 5 hours ago CON lol permalink Agent_Orange 11 points 9 hours ago I have to admit, Trump has a way with words. Can you imagine being the CEO of a company and having the President of the United States issue a statement like that, specifically directed to your company? permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 7 points 8 hours ago My thought as well. That 2nd sentence when he zeros in on CEO Roberts is absolutely brutal. permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 3 hours ago Imagine him calling up his stenographer, Natalie, at 10:22pm and saying “Ok, this one is all caps, ready?…MSNBC IS DOING SO POORLY…” 🤣 I wonder if she is cracking up while transcribing in her robe and slippers. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 18 minutes ago The Boss debated going to film school, but picked real estate. He's always had a lyrical turn. But his dad Fred started a real estate business from nothing. Fred had lost his dad at 11 so had to learn fast and picked construction. But the punch of a script I think held the POTUS' imagination even as his dad needed him to help run his NYC real estate empire. permalink ridge3z 8 points 9 hours ago MSNBC/MS NOW is saying they will venture into more "independent reporting" after the name change. In other words, they are going to double down on their lunacy. I give MS NOW a year max if they don't have deep pocketed fools continually funding their network. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 5 points 9 hours ago independent from what, exactly? Oh right, independent from facts, reality, reason, and logic!! That's what!! permalink okboomer59 1 points 14 minutes ago Soros and Larry Fink are many things but fools they are not permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 6 points 10 hours ago Link https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115064840755804065 permalink FatigueIsReal 4 points 9 hours ago Same actions as a liberal moving from CA to FL. permalink pterodactyl_balls 4 points 8 hours ago “Hopelessly and aimlessly flailing in the wind” I can’t breathe 😂🤣 permalink thejuicycrab 4 points 8 hours ago There’s the all caps tweet talking shit about the failing msnbc losers I was waiting for permalink MemeForTheWin 3 points 9 hours ago how did they decide which part people hated more, MS or NBC? permalink gurlzpettinsqwerlz 3 points 4 hours ago Changing their name and continuing to be fake news is insanity permalink LandscaperJuan 3 points 5 hours ago MS NO. And THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER! permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 3 points 8 hours ago KEK MAGA!!! permalink Than0sIII 3 points 8 hours ago They're desperately trying to detach it from NBC proper so that NBC doesn't get dragged down by MSDNC. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 13 minutes ago I think the background that is not yet public is that there are letters between lawyers going back and forth that are naming the whole chain of ownership for malicious defamation and treasonous co-conspiracy. Brian Roberts (who I think is retired but still owns stock) and the rest of the owners know they need to detach from further liability. IOW this war has only just begun to make MessLSD pay for their propaganda and psyop campaign against Trump and his family. None of this was ever "news." None of it was even true. Whatever the black hat, discredited IC handed them, the MessDNC idiots and their owners ran with. For this to never happen again, there has to be criminal charges, liens against the companies involved, and massive punitive damages. I sense all of that is in the works. IMHO this is not fixed without military tribunals for treason and yes it does apply, since the whole time the US was under a state of emergency, and this was a coup against the duly elected US government aka a war. Entirely JAG's domain and GITMO's. permalink champdog 3 points 4 hours ago MS Now will be a 100% Bill Gates propaganda channel. MS = Microsoft permalink atomisten 3 points 8 hours ago it's crazy how trump solo won against all these news organizations. permalink ParmesanCartel 2 points 9 hours ago you're still talking about MSNBC? permalink sixfingerdildo 2 points 7 hours ago I like the new name. It's honest, it's trustworthy, it's... Bold. Who can argue with BS NOW permalink Illah88zillah 2 points 1 hour ago Its neck and neck with 'the view" for 'the most retarded shit you can imagine' contest permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 10 minutes ago The Spew never came back on the air it looks like. That's one long "hiatus." Who goes on vacations for that long? Unemployed people, that's who. permalink Illah88zillah 1 points 8 minutes ago Funny how the USAID $ dried up and all these horrible leftist shows magically give up the ghost permalink YodaBannon 2 points 3 hours ago 🏆 permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 50 minutes ago Brian Roberts (Comcast) cut MessLSD loose. That's a massive quiet Trump win that the whole MSM is ignoring. One of Trump's biggest billionaire opponents is Brian Roberts who controls Philly Democrats and the DNC in the region, so must have signed off on that insane vote fraud to install a muppet. Roberts knows that he only has the Comcast concession thanks to Congress who assigns cable like the FCC assigns airwaves, and this can change on a dime, which is why he backs the worst of the worst Dems and RINOs like Brian Fitzpatrick, RINO, PA. That Comcast and MessDNC are two separate groups now is fake-news-shattering. Trump deserves to dance that victory dance for all time. Now reform and update how cable tv is assigned to political monopolies who work hard AGAINST America and the Constitution. Everyone I know who's met Roberts in Philly (lawyers and such) do not like him. These are hardcore Dems also, middle tier donors, from Dem law firms. They never say much. They're too discreet. But they let you know that the guy is a piece of work. The impression I get is Roberts will do anything to protect the shrinking influence, power, and profitability of his cable ventures. Anything. We've seen what Dems will do. I suspect he's more involved than anyone knows, we'll see. permalink FakeNametag 1 points 5 hours ago He should write this one out on paper, address it to the CEO but with the name "Asshole Brown", and mail it. https://www.wired.com/2015/01/comcast-renames-man-asshole-brown-tries-cancel-cable/ permalink Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 48 minutes ago I like that this is now a historical post. permalink Gunmolester 1 points 47 minutes ago thats like putting cologne on a homeless bum to cover the stench permalink okboomer59 1 points 19 minutes ago MSNBC made its brand so toxic that NBC not only cut it off it forbade them to continue using the name it would take a heart of stone not to laugh https://tinyurl.com/mwzb6kc4 permalink VirtusHonos 1 points 5 minutes ago Mean tweets are the best permalink atomisten 1 points 8 hours ago ahhahahahahahahah permalink CharlieMike 1 points 1 hour ago Anything with the name Microsoft associated with it is garbage. Bill Gates was already screwing the world back in ‘96. permalink wonderfulusa 1 points 9 hours ago If they put out an honest news product, they can go with : M S F A F O permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 9 hours ago MAGANBC MSMAGA permalink Banfir 1 points 25 minutes ago Here's a clue! QUIT LIEING YOUR ASSES OFF AND TWLL THE TRUTH! 🙄 permalink FuzzAldrin 1 points 3 hours ago PMS NOW permalink 982 MSNBC IS DOING SO POORLY IN THE RATINGS THAT THEY ARE LOOKING TO CHANGE THEIR NAME IN ORDER TO GET AWAY FROM THE STENCH OF THEIR FAKE NEWS PRODUCT TRUMP TRUTH posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 54 comments