286 The Ridiculous Delay In The Appellate Court Review Of The Absurd Civil Judgment Against Donald Trump. Weeks turned into months & then into years as the appellate court seems lost in navel-gazing. Now, WSJ reports that the Appellate Court Is Reportedly Split Over Trump Civil Judgement. (hotair.com) posted 1 hour ago by rdvs34283 14 comments Appellate Court Reportedly Split Over Trump Civil Judgement Court delays in Trump's civil judgment appeal frustrate observers amid judicial divisions. hotair.com 14 comments McFatty7 33 points 48 minutes ago Massive and intentional court delays are a very common tactic whenever the court cannot find a way to rule against a person. Notice how anytime a ruling is against President Trump, the courts are efficient and swift …but if a ruling helps President Trump, they take their sweet, sweet time. permalink USDMaga 21 points 43 minutes ago Used to be, just a short few years ago, everyone respected every court and decision. Today, everyone expect the court rulings to be biased and illegal. Great job DNC is destroying confidence in your last hope of maintaining power. permalink Allister 8 points 33 minutes ago everyone expect the court rulings to be biased and illegal That is because it's blatantly obvious most of the courts are partisan divided, most cases should never be so close on the splits let alon split along party lines, this is the law it's black and white text and thus they should all come to very similar conclusions when interpreting it... But, there is that theoretical divide, the liberal judges believe that the text of the Constitution and laws is just a suggestion and they can morph it into what they consider politicall correct based on their views, while the conservative justices want to rule as close to the text as possible based on historical interpretations made by our founding fathers, not 2025 radical liberals... The Left's entire "pack the court" cry is proof positive they want a biased court no an honest court... permalink 9999999999 3 points 29 minutes ago This just isn't true though. The left never respected any court or decision that didn't go there way. Its been a one-way street at least since FDR got into office and started threatening judges who didn't rule his way. And the 9th and 2nd Circuit, their district courts, and all of the leftist state courts have been a joke for decades as well. permalink hellohellohellohell 13 points 55 minutes ago In their minds, I'm sure they don't want to lose one of the only bits of leverage they have left on him. permalink NoWarWithIran 4 points 42 minutes ago Bingo permalink henri_derelicte 9 points 43 minutes ago Whatever happened to “justice delayed is justice denied?” The liberal judges probably know they’re going to lose at least on 8th amendment grounds, among other things permalink 45fan 7 points 55 minutes ago "I know we're all communists here. Good communists that hate Trump. But, how do we spin this? Rule for Trump the court looks fair. Rule against him and our communist dinner buddies are happy, but we'll lose at SCOTUS." permalink hellohellohellohell 5 points 25 minutes ago You also scare to death every real estate investor and corporation headquartered in New York, and send even more of them down to Texas and Florida. permalink rebuildingMyself 6 points 34 minutes ago Pretty obvious that it will die the minute SCOTUS looks at it, so they'd rather stall it so the illusion of Trump being a convicted crook will remain. permalink MegoThor 6 points 44 minutes ago Arrest every one of them. permalink dahnald 3 points 49 minutes ago Is this the one involving the crazy rape-is-sexy lady? permalink couranto 9 points 45 minutes ago It’s the Letitia James case where Mara Lago was valued at $18 million. Lol permalink WassermanSchultz 8 points 42 minutes ago She is well informed when it comes to purchasing property. permalink 286 The Ridiculous Delay In The Appellate Court Review Of The Absurd Civil Judgment Against Donald Trump. Weeks turned into months & then into years as the appellate court seems lost in navel-gazing. Now, WSJ reports that the Appellate Court Is Reportedly Split Over Trump Civil Judgement. (hotair.com) posted 1 hour ago by rdvs34283 14 comments Appellate Court Reportedly Split Over Trump Civil Judgement Court delays in Trump's civil judgment appeal frustrate observers amid judicial divisions. hotair.com