821 The kids are alright posted 4 hours ago by HoganP 91 comments 91 comments Choomguy 110 points 4 hours ago Quit groomer! permalink STONKATRUCK 50 points 3 hours ago It's a good thing they made it so mainstream now kids have sensible things to rebel against. Fuck you mom and dad I'm starting a business and dressing moderately! permalink Wrexxis780 29 points 3 hours ago “Fuck you mom and dad I’m staying celibate until marriage to the opposite sex!!!” permalink ZacPetkanas 2 points 19 minutes ago I’m going to church and there’s nothing you can do to stop me! permalink thisperson 2 points 1 hour ago Yes, my queen. permalink catsfive 7 points 3 hours ago Cope! permalink NotYourMan 5 points 2 hours ago Exactly! I don't know if this post is real but it doesn't matter. It allows us to reflect on the Obama and Biden administration that allowed sexual perverts to flourish in elementary schools under the mind virus "transgender," under the liberal fascist ideas of "trans-kids" which is not science but nothing more than brain washing to sterilize children. permalink vegaspatriot1776 4 points 3 hours ago Easy with the anti-semitism, bigot! permalink Business-Socks 1 points 1 hour ago Yeah he should just do it permalink South_Florida_Guy 59 points 4 hours ago That gsa thing she mentioned is the "gay straight alliance" club that's like an official club across the country embedded in so many schools, yes, an actual official grooming club akin to nambla and it's in schools permalink charwoman 28 points 3 hours ago That's how the GSA started in my kid's high school...Gay Straight Alliance. By the time they were Juniors it had morphed into the Gay Students Association. Talk about mission creep...or denouement permalink South_Florida_Guy 2 points 49 minutes ago All part of the plan permalink brimshae 1 points 59 seconds ago The Groomed Students Alliance permalink Stlpoolguy 4 points 1 hour ago Stl had a strong GSA a long time ago (15-20yrs) and was in the news all the time, normalizing homosexuality. Until the local leader was charged and convicted of child molestation...... permalink DanIsSwell 1 points 1 hour ago I was just trying to figure that out. Thought maybe it was “Gender and Sexuality Alliance” permalink Bullet3250 41 points 4 hours ago She really should quit. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 17 points 3 hours ago If she can't use her platform to talk about her sexual fetishes to kids instead of teaching them something useful, it's just not worth it. These freaks should quit. Let's take back the education system. Run these commie degenerates out by firings and self deportation. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 2 hours ago Home schooling via churches is not getting enough traction. permalink Jaqen 2 points 43 minutes ago Far too many woke churches in some areas make that difficult. There are also substantial costs associated with homeschooling, so once it scales up to more than one or two families, some sort of tuition is required. At that point, it becomes a Christian private school. Which can be a great option, but isn’t free. permalink 2scoops2peachmints 4 points 2 hours ago Should have been fired for the pride flag on gov property and in a public school. permalink Boonedocksbear 3 points 2 hours ago This flaggot could easily be a soylent boy. permalink Whoopies_tds 2 points 2 hours ago Or teach math. For example, if 82 out of 200 people fall off a chair while standing on it, what percent is that? permalink LookFatty 2 points 1 hour ago Fun with math !!!! Hope they aren't tangled in rope !!! permalink BigLove 1 points 54 minutes ago She? Sounds like a sodomite to me. permalink Modernturnkey 25 points 3 hours ago "I NEED EVERYONE TO KNOW WHO I HAVE SEX WITH" permalink ParticleCannon 4 points 2 hours ago Good morning lovelies, today instead of learning about compound interest or the founding of the nation we're going to learn how to crossdress! permalink DanIsSwell 3 points 1 hour ago ….”And I want students to come to me and tell me who they have sex with..or want to have sex with”. ok Disney. permalink suitwo_wtr 22 points 3 hours ago Good, bully the groomers out of school. They show more loyalty to that than the US flag and constitution, both of which they made it their mission to remove. They should be nowhere near children. permalink Bldg_2019 17 points 3 hours ago Might I suggest a little Canadian health care? You know, just a consultation to see the options. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 6 minutes ago Super-late postpartum abortion also works. permalink eddieblasphemy 13 points 3 hours ago safe space stickers work just like gun free zone sigs. permalink Caliban 11 points 3 hours ago Thanks, i needed a 'feel-good' story this morning. permalink DingleBalls 9 points 4 hours ago No safe spaces. Anywhere. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 8 points 3 hours ago Quit and then join the 43% club permalink XlDEN 8 points 3 hours ago I can only imagine how Reddit responded. permalink DickTick PRO 8 points 3 hours ago Fuck yeah kids! Stand up for yourselves and each other!!! Fuck this Marxist shit!! permalink XlDEN 3 points 2 hours ago What a shift. It wasn’t that long ago that such a complaint might have gotten a kid suspended. permalink jughaid 8 points 3 hours ago So she's going to quit? So promoting lgb was that the only reason she got into teaching? permalink LookFatty 1 points 1 hour ago Yes. Because she a fatso-phycho-pedo permalink Beer-_-Belly 8 points 3 hours ago She should quit. We need teachers not indoctrination specialists. permalink JayKay1776 7 points 2 hours ago Who knew a bunch of kids don't want weirdos talking to him about sex. It's almost like that's not fucking normal. Parents need to start beating the fuck out of these people. permalink hazelknut 6 points 3 hours ago it's amazing what the little tykes will say when they no longer fear retribution from groomers. permalink HoganP OP 5 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/reddit_lies/status/1958301883367338376 Now I'll have that song stuck in my head all day, but this is cool. permalink StolenElectionsKill 4 points 3 hours ago A hard-left. TDS-infected special needs teacher I am acquainted with, only 4 years from full pension retirement, resigned after Trump was elected in 2024. She told me she 'never wanted her signature on pages involving students again.' Make what you will of that statement, and I KNOW that's not the whole story, but that's what she said to me in a crowd of people... I assume she knows I am MAGA too, most people do. permalink 24601 1 points 2 hours ago The special education dept quickly became the sexual grooming department since around 2015. Any parent of a special needs kid who wasn't watching very carefully was in danger of suddenly having a transgender freak show of a kid. Hopefully that changes quickly and permanently. permalink Lulzokbro 3 points 2 hours ago That was happening around 2015 because of the autism moms, they got their children a designer diagnosis that enabled them to treat said children like permanent toddlers. That treatment made them more susceptible to grooming than children that were parented properly. I remember reading that something like 94% of "trans" minors in 2015 had an autism diagnosis. permalink Hangmhigh 3 points 36 minutes ago How about teach some math instead of trying to rape kids? permalink Antenna 3 points 3 hours ago I shudder to ask: what is a GSA advisor? permalink WarEagleMAGA 3 points 3 hours ago Grooming Service of America permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 2 hours ago Gay sex advocacy permalink MagaJay02 3 points 3 hours ago "I can't promote gay sex or safe spaces to kids, how am I supposed to be a teacher under these conditions!?!?". permalink ganachain 3 points 3 hours ago Make calling other kids gay and retarded great again! permalink JackOfAllTirades 3 points 3 hours ago The reclamation of our children is underway. permalink Roadpower 1 points 2 hours ago Our society* permalink FatigueIsReal 3 points 2 hours ago Please quit. That's the idea. permalink RyanKeyOh 3 points 3 hours ago FAFO permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago Congratulations leftards. You became the Establishment that the young kids rebel against. You flew too close to the woke sun and now you're the stuck up "adults" cartoons make fun of. For years kids had to sit there and bite their tongue as you prattled on about being a victim (despite any pushback being labeled as hate speech or getting you on FBI watch lists meant for terrorists). Welcome back to the "hip to be square" era permalink soonerpet 2 points 1 hour ago Good make all the trannies quit life, the problem solves itself. permalink CommanderOfCheese 2 points 2 hours ago The kids are better off spending a few hours alone at the library than they are in your classroom, bitch. permalink DCPower 2 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink IAmRetard 2 points 3 hours ago Quit Learn to code permalink Maganifice7 1 points 3 minutes ago I'm learning to code. "hey, chatgpt, write me a program that..." permalink HunterBidensPC 2 points 3 hours ago It’s literally a flag for people who like dick that’s all it represents. Shouldn’t be in the classroom permalink Thrilly 2 points 17 minutes ago Faggots BTFO permalink SuperUser 2 points 3 hours ago OR.. hear me out... Teach them math instead. Globohomo pawn cunt permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 2 hours ago What kind of sorcery are you teaching!!! permalink Thep1mp 2 points 50 minutes ago If those things are that important, a priority, to this person then they should quit or be fired. No place in a classroom for that bullshit. permalink KekistanPM 2 points 2 hours ago Safe Space stickers I worked so hard to get teachers around the school to adopt Why don't you work hard as a teacher instead? permalink grantking2256 1 points 2 hours ago Quit then, faggot. permalink MATH_NERD_4_DONNIE 1 points 21 minutes ago Awwwhhh you're gonna quit? Bye! permalink Gunmolester 1 points 47 minutes ago oh gee sorry you feel like quitting.........oh are you still here? permalink TimoSalami 1 points 3 hours ago I hope the L’s and the G’s understand this is the fault of the B’s T’s Q’s and +’s permalink Maganifice7 1 points 2 minutes ago They are all part of the problem. They all need to be locked in mental institutions. permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 2 hours ago So many "educators" are absolute nitwits...and inappropriate groomers of one sort or another. Home school. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 6 minutes ago Anyone putting that shit in their classroom. Should be fired, banned form ever working with children again and put on a pedophile watch list. permalink Lulzokbro 1 points 2 hours ago BOLO for the "Be You" sticker mentioned in the comments of that post, it is intended to be used as a stealthy pervert symbol in schools that have banned said symbols. The argument they've been told to use is "it's just a rainbow". permalink Bigsweaties 1 points 57 minutes ago Bye Felicia permalink MagaChick101 1 points 2 hours ago Good quit please stop polluting our children's minds with that woke garbage! permalink Lowersidecustoms 1 points 3 hours ago "My tiny pride flag" It just wanted to break the rules a little. permalink bothloveocean 1 points 15 minutes ago Then quit, damn groomer permalink PhantomShield72 1 points 2 hours ago This pleases me greatly... permalink 1True-translation 1 points 1 hour ago Leave your sex issues at home pervert permalink RoughBoy 1 points 2 hours ago the best thing that you can do is quit. permalink JustHereForTheSalmon 1 points 1 hour ago They complained instead of stealing and shredding. They're not alright yet. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 5 minutes ago If they were Allright, they would do that to the teacher. permalink MediaBro 1 points 2 hours ago The dumbest thing the fagtards did in their hate for the West was go after the children and at the same time, go into an alliance with the Islamists. Whatever goodwill they had earned until that point fizzled away as story after story came out of young girls regretting cutting off their tits and boys given hormone blockers as children growing up with malformed penises as adults, who regretted taking hormone blockers. Then to top it off they welcomed in the worst of the worst from the Islamic world, ppl who genuinely hated them and had them placed inside the West and then used them as vote banks. Heck, even the Hispanics were bad but the difference was the Hispanics seemed to also want to eventually integrate. Bringing in Islamists, on the other hand, was a different ball park altogether. No wonder we're all so done with this shit. permalink charlesthehammer 1 points 2 hours ago Please quit. permalink Michigan 1 points 3 hours ago Yes, quit. permalink sir_rockness 1 points 2 hours ago Just go ahead and quit permalink Undying 1 points 12 minutes ago Gen alpha might turn out ok. permalink Svaap 1 points 2 hours ago Yes, please do quit at your earliest opportunity. permalink 821 The kids are alright posted 4 hours ago by HoganP 91 comments