1223 Statement from Bed, Bath & Beyond CEO Marcus Lemonis on why they will not open or operate in California posted 13 hours ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 101 comments 101 comments duckduck 133 points 13 hours ago Didn't even mention that rampant shoplifting that police fail to stop, and all the lost revenue that comes with it. permalink IncredibleMrE1 99 points 13 hours ago Has Bed Bath and Beyond started selling MyPillow products again? Fuck them. permalink Please_Clap 58 points 13 hours ago Exactly. Lemonis is a piece of shit. Ask anyone in the RV community . permalink bangbus 8 points 4 hours ago Dude is shy about answering questions about whether he wants to do business with Trump supporters on X. Fuck this guy. I have a long memory and an even longer list of assholes who I wouldn’t piss on if they were on fire. permalink DaninElkhart 4 points 4 hours ago Can verify. POS. permalink MakeFloridaRed 36 points 13 hours ago They’re dead to me despite those pesky 20% off coupons anrriving every other day. permalink CousinOfBobbyPiton 13 points 13 hours ago try to resist, florida man permalink SPEDMan64 4 points 10 hours ago Should be easy for a Florida man. Men shouldn't be getting giggly over BB&B coupons. At least it is for a Panhandle man such as myself; I don't know about the pansies south of Ocala. permalink view 2 more comments... johnrambo 2 points 10 hours ago Came here to ask this myself, didn't think anyone would remember. Faith moved a little in the + direction. Thanks. permalink Kraken_V_Algorithm 25 points 13 hours ago I'd say "risky environment" covers that. permalink sumnayin2 10 points 13 hours ago Blaming police for courts and DAs that just release criminals back onto the streets is wild permalink CommanderOfCheese 8 points 12 hours ago fail to stop You mean are prohibited from stopping. permalink Diversity_Fire 5 points 13 hours ago They were careful to avoid the racial discussion related to shoplifting. permalink ParticleCannon 71 points 13 hours ago I remember MyPillow, so... permalink NotADemThang 62 points 13 hours ago Banning My Pillow. Haven't shopped since. permalink bigdickhangsright 5 points 7 hours ago I never shopped there anyway so it was easy to boycott them. Dollar General, on the other hand, has lost a ridiculous amount of money just from me not going anymore after they removed MyPillow. permalink spezisacuckold 46 points 13 hours ago Didn't every single Bed, Bath & Beyond close? permalink The_Emperor 19 points 12 hours ago Yep. Bankrupt, reorganize, come out swinging...it's like a re-spawn! permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 6 points 12 hours ago It is overstock.com's rebranding permalink STRONGLYWORDEDLETTER 5 points 9 hours ago Yeah I thought they went totally bankrupt. permalink FlyCatcher94 3 points 7 hours ago Lemonis company bought the IP permalink ShlomoJoe -19 points 12 hours ago Can you delete this comment? I want to focus more on the aspect that a certain company will refuse to open stores in California rather than focus on the fact that the company is out of business. permalink bananaguard62 22 points 11 hours ago I want to focus more on... That's not how this works. permalink xanaxagoras 14 points 12 hours ago “Delete your post, we have a narrative to affirm here” you just lost your handshake “member for 30d” fuck off back to reddit permalink Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 12 hours ago It's relevant. permalink PensivePatriot 3 points 10 hours ago A single comment, good for an instablock. permalink FerkenBlerkin 33 points 13 hours ago I will never even consider Bed Bath and Beyond until they bring back My Pillow products permalink Texasnumber1 9 points 11 hours ago Bed Bath & Beyond went bankrupt ,reading these comments no one knows what's going on huh hilarious Overstock bought the name and then they changed their name to beyond and now they're bringing Bed Bath & Beyond stores back pretty crazy story if you've been following it permalink FerkenBlerkin 4 points 9 hours ago Oh yeah... I remember them going out of business. I remember thinking it was karma for dropping My Pillow. So they're back, and Overstock bought them? Did Overstock rebrand because of Patrick Byrne's comments about being visited by Government G-men? permalink Donold 14 points 13 hours ago fuck that faggot - 666 is owned by Lex Wexner who financed 4 separate child trafficking rings. permalink Stossels_stach 13 points 13 hours ago Damn, I’d almost consider shopping there if it weren’t overpriced and mostly Chinese origin products permalink Hoshi 37 points 13 hours ago Just remember they made "mypillow" a political item and stopped selling it permalink The_Emperor 4 points 12 hours ago That was the old Bankrupt one. New post Bankrupt is all good! permalink bangbus 1 points 4 hours ago Except Lemonis also owns Camping World and said he doesn’t want Trump supporters to shop there. permalink MagaJay02 11 points 12 hours ago "This isn't about politic. California's system". Aka, it's literally and purely about politics. Do they not understand that laws and such are created and passed by elected legislatures, and signed by governors? Everything they mentioned can be fixed with better politicians. permalink airborne3502 9 points 13 hours ago When a business is coming out of bankruptcy and restructuring they have to be smart. permalink Farqquard 8 points 12 hours ago I used to shop there, but after the my pillow thing, I never shopped there again. I celebrate their demise. Wokeness caught up to them.👍🏾 permalink Skabliggum2 8 points 13 hours ago I thought this company had already closed all their stores and went online only. 🤷‍♂️ permalink Shroudedf8 8 points 13 hours ago So did I. They all closed in my vicinity in central Florida. Maybe they reorganized after BK and are going to reopen some locations. Dunno. permalink Skabliggum2 1 points 47 minutes ago I found the following online: "Headquartered in Union, New Jersey, the chain operated stores in the United States and Canada, and was once counted among the Fortune 500 and the Forbes Global 2000. The chain filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 2023 and liquidated all of its remaining stores, with the last closing on July 30, 2023." permalink TerrorAndSlaughter 7 points 13 hours ago The CEOs of retail giants see the tales of unchecked shoplifting and outright looting. We all saw the famous instance of the Target getting stripped bare. He would have seen it with greater insight into exactly what it would all cost. He makes the decisions that will subject his company to such risks or avoid them. permalink knnbccb 7 points 13 hours ago This is what happens when you let a left wing nutjob run your city, state or country. permalink MJPalazzolo 5 points 11 hours ago Like attempting to destroy Mike Lindel? Nice try. Won't come back. permalink raptormissle 5 points 13 hours ago It doesn't make sense to do business in California. permalink Prandogolio 5 points 11 hours ago this isn't about politics Oh but it is. It is absolutely about politics. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 5 points 13 hours ago Let me translate this to common english for everyone: nogs be stealin', we losin money. I loathe the way people can't outright say the truth, while at the same time finding it amusing that there's this PC language you're supposed to engage with people online. permalink Rucktoe 5 points 13 hours ago I love how Trump has changed the narrative and is healing America! permalink Agent_Orange 4 points 9 hours ago I remember when he was CEO of Camping World, he told Trump supporters if they were ok with what happened in Charlottesville, "don't shop at my business". We all know he was wrong about Charlottesville, but he decided to jump on the Trump Hate bandwagon. Proving that he is Mark Cuban smart. permalink OkieDoker 1 points 3 hours ago Yes this CEO is a complete snake. I am glad someone else remembers this too. He wraps himself in the flag and then when it came nut cutting time, he went against the President and freedom. permalink NoJoAndHo 4 points 9 hours ago Isn't this the asswipe who owns Camperworld and said Trump supporters aren't welcome in his business? https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/16/marcus-lemonis-if-youre-ok-with-what-trump-said-dont-shop-at-my-business.html permalink OkieDoker 1 points 3 hours ago 100 percent, this CEO is not our guy permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 4 points 12 hours ago They already had them in CA. They were failing. They also removed My Pillow products from their shelves. I know, because I used to live there. permalink NADSAQ 3 points 13 hours ago i thought they went bankrupt but still a good statement permalink TheThreeSeashells 2 points 11 hours ago The new ownership is opening up retail stores again. Apparently they also own a chain called Kirkland's and are going to first be converting some of those locations to BB&B Home, then maybe opening brand new stores. permalink G123Thermite 3 points 12 hours ago OK, good they are waking up but also fuck them for pulling MyPillow years ago. Maybe they're coming around? permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 13 hours ago Bed, Bath & Beyond Newscum permalink BattleOfSaratoga 3 points 7 hours ago CEOs are publicly publishing obvious AI generated statements instead of their own? The first line is 100% cringe. Once you see the emdashes and cadence - you'll never unsee it. Its everywhere now. Fucks sake. permalink Elite_DOGE_Squads 2 points 13 hours ago AI slop response, but it gets the point across permalink Burisma 2 points 13 hours ago Great eye. permalink MrChippy 2 points 11 hours ago Do we get our shares back? permalink RobinNet 2 points 11 hours ago I've never been in their store because I'm not a chick or a fag. permalink Redeemable 2 points 6 hours ago TIL Bed Bath and Beyond is still in business. permalink SaltyLandscaper 2 points 13 hours ago I thought that dump went tits up a few years ago. permalink Texasnumber1 2 points 11 hours ago They're only Bed Bath & Beyond by name this is overstocke Is company that change its name too byon that bought the name permalink Protectthefirst 2 points 8 hours ago His PR people couldn’t even eliminate the em-dashes. This was 100% written by AI. permalink OpusX 2 points 10 hours ago Meanwhile Newsom is too busy doing podcasts and owning the MAGATs on social media to worry about his state crumbling around him. What does he care? He's out of there in a couple years anyway, just in time for a 2028 presidential run. permalink ILoveSilk 2 points 11 hours ago Funny. They are woke. I boycotted them for many years. I just don't understand these executive libertards ... permalink DemocratMath 1 points 9 hours ago I guarantee there's a lefty posting about how racist, facist, etc. this is somewhere. permalink FreedomFromGovt 1 points 8 hours ago Bloodbath and Beyond is history. permalink Marble68 1 points 51 minutes ago And so it begins… EVERY retailer should do this in CA. Then let CA make delivery gigs impossible. permalink THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 9 hours ago Bed Bath and Beyond…fuck yeah? permalink friedchicken 1 points 13 hours ago Eventually the rest of the country will realize it's not a bug but a feature permalink MemeForTheWin 1 points 9 hours ago in California PLUS alienating conservatives, they failed. this reinvention will also fail permalink Twobuck40 1 points 23 minutes ago New tax on this business model incoming!! permalink BlackToof_Grin 1 points 7 hours ago Couldn't even edit out the AI garbage. F****** lazy ass people. permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 3 hours ago The leftists in Illinois love PICA, aka the Protect Illinois Criminals Act. However, they're just now realizing that waiting for an employee to unlock cabinets is a major inconvenience. As a result, more Illinoisians are ordering online. Brick and mortar stores are becoming wholly unnecessary. From my observations, in 5-10 years, Illinois' retail industry will be halved or worse. permalink MythArcana 1 points 13 hours ago Who's next? permalink sir_rockness 1 points 1 hour ago Isn't Bed Bath and Beyond bankrupt? Lol permalink Kaputtmacher 1 points 8 hours ago Everything they mention is about political decisions, but they feel the need to state that it's not about politics. permalink DefKon1 1 points 13 hours ago "On our own terms" - Love it! permalink Yohan_Galt 1 points 13 hours ago Next level based permalink chicagoindustrial 1 points 3 hours ago He voted for this. permalink The_Emperor 1 points 12 hours ago Surprised they even sell there...CA has a need corporate disclosure law that is INSANE. It's worse than the DEI ESG crap...it's all emissions foe your company...AND EVERYTHING YOU BUY FROM OTHER COMPANIES, even if those transactions aren't in CA. Probably unconstitutional...but why fight it there are 300M needy American customers everywhere else ypu can serve. permalink dixie_knormous 1 points 41 minutes ago I thought these assholes went out of business when they dropped my pillow.. permalink throttlejohnson 1 points 12 hours ago BB and Beyond is over priced, sorry not sorry. permalink Test_user21 -2 points 13 hours ago BBB made over 6 billion in profits a number of years ago. Profits only come from stealing people's labor. This is just a short-term bully tactic to get Cali to increase BBB's profits. permalink victory2024 0 points 13 hours ago 🚁 permalink Throwawayanother1776 0 points 12 hours ago Only slave owners "steal" labor. BBB paid their employees, who all had the choice to terminate their employment if they felt they were not being fairly compensated for their labor. You are a communist, and should be tossed from a helicopter. permalink Test_user21 2 points 12 hours ago Bro, kids like you have zero understanding of how the world works. I'm sure all the value-adding is done by phantoms and wisps. Good lord you are one ignant pos. permalink Chickenbaconpoutine 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink 1223 Statement from Bed, Bath & Beyond CEO Marcus Lemonis on why they will not open or operate in California posted 13 hours ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 101 comments