697 Censoring the Internet posted 4 hours ago by RBFace 109 comments Concerned Citizen @BGatesIsaPyscho • 2d “What’s coming that makes censoring the Internet this urgent?” “A major globally coordinated initiative doesn’t just pop up over night” Have you noticed Western Countries are working faster than ever before introducing legislative controls over the internet. Either something 109 comments ReleasetheList 48 points 4 hours ago Could be or could just be the fact that the people that seek power are often tyrants that should be the furthest from power because the reason they want it is to enact control over people, without really needing an excuse or reason to do so. permalink Im_RickSteves_bitch 10 points 2 hours ago All those people were tyrants 30 years ago as well. There’s a reason they’re doing everything all at once right now. permalink ReleasetheList 6 points 2 hours ago True but you've got to heat the pot up slowly or the frogs jump out. We have less freedoms and privacy today than 30 years ago and it's been a gradual process. permalink Philhelm 4 points 2 hours ago Part of it could be that media was historically used to control the narrative, and they finally realize that despite their best efforts the free flow of information on the Internet is a losing battle. permalink Calumet57 7 points 2 hours ago For your safety permalink ActNow 1 points 40 minutes ago Safety or convenience. It's always for your "safety" or "convenience". permalink N0rds 1 points 38 minutes ago They are going full on "it's to protect the chilrins!!!!" On this current push to censor, demand ID, ban VPNs, etc The fascists are using the "muh chilrin!!!" Bullshit permalink USDMaga 6 points 2 hours ago Close enough answer... They have been control things completely since at least 1963 (could be earlier). Used to be I would point it out and people would ignore me. Now random people are telling me about it. They have lost. Thats it, their control of the people is completely over and they know it. This is their last attempt to regain control, but it will fail and cost people $billions in the process. permalink NotYourMan 6 points 2 hours ago "Protect the children" is just marketing for liberal fascism. Take away individual freedom while pretending to help children. Its like the lie of "trans-kids," protecting kids while actually sterilizing them. Its marketing garbage from tyrants. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 3 points 1 hour ago It’s the parents job, not the government’s, to protect the children. permalink gunzby 3 points 1 hour ago Exactly. In general the ppl that are most likely to seek power are also the most likely to seek out how to abuse that power permalink westrock2000 33 points 3 hours ago America stopped being in control of the internet. The internet was born in America, because America was the only place citizens didn’t even consider that they couldn’t say any random shit anonymously. It never crossed their minds, unlike in every other country. permalink Calumet57 16 points 2 hours ago Obama gave it away permalink iamherefortheluls 3 points 2 hours ago no. Every significant initiative is coming from US. No one would give a shit about the laws in UK and Australia if Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and Cloudflare weren't ready to enforce those laws. Those are all US companies. permalink bangbus 3 points 2 hours ago The number of US companies who could shut down a country is insane. Imagine Microsoft telling the UK they’re done and shutting down all the servers that run the cloud in Britain. They’d be fucked six ways from Sunday. permalink iamherefortheluls 3 points 2 hours ago the other side of that coin is that people underestimate how much banking flows through London. I don't think any major company today could make such a move, without spending several years moving their financial services out of Britain first. permalink EatingDarkness 2 points 3 hours ago Invented by an English man in fairness but yes born in America. It's time to find local like minded people... In a few years it will be impossible to distinguish truth from fiction. permalink Whoopies_tds 15 points 3 hours ago Uhhh nice try bigot, it was invented in Africa by Shaniqua Wafflehutcerf permalink Nibba2 10 points 3 hours ago All computers are are white men copying drums. permalink vegaspatriot1776 7 points 3 hours ago Shaniqua Wafflehutcerf I am fucking dying! Fucking amazing. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink BugsleyKAG 10 points 3 hours ago Al Gore invented the Internet. permalink ActNow 3 points 37 minutes ago I read this as A "eye" Gore. permalink anotherthing 4 points 3 hours ago The only Englishman involved was Daniel Davies, who was Welsh. Everyone else was American. permalink ActNow 1 points 32 minutes ago Although they are part of Great Britain, the Celts would like a word with you about being called English. permalink Nibba2 2 points 3 hours ago Didn’t know Al Gore was English. permalink permissible_missile 0 points 3 hours ago Invented by an English man You mean the Web, right? Do you even know? You dudes know that it's okay to be quiet about things you are clueless about, correct? permalink Meister_Bockmist 9 points 3 hours ago Al Gore is English? permalink permissible_missile -9 points 3 hours ago Al Gore had nothing to do with the Web. He was instrumental in (believe it or not) deregulating the Internet. I repeat: not speaking is always an option. permalink view 3 more comments... EatingDarkness 2 points 3 hours ago Yes I'm talking about the World Wide Web... Not TCP/IP... I stand corrected... Not afraid of that so thanks! permalink permissible_missile -3 points 3 hours ago Pleasantly surprised by your reply! I'm always glad to share with people willing to learn. :) P.S. TCP is also not the Internet :P it is a reliable transmission protocol built on top of IP. permalink permissible_missile -5 points 3 hours ago America stopped being in control of the internet. This narrative is laughed at by people who have a clue. You're referring to ICANN, right? Do you even know? Pop quiz: what does the "inter" in internet mean? Go ahead, this time farm out the need to think to an AI. permalink slander 3 points 2 hours ago Interconnected networks. Your point? permalink permissible_missile 0 points 58 minutes ago affixes training wheels to the conversation Different networks, different ownership. permalink slander 3 points 51 minutes ago 𝘩𝘰𝘱𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘴𝘰𝘮𝘦 𝘥𝘢𝘺 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘵𝘢𝘬𝘦 𝘵𝘩𝘦𝘮 𝘰𝘧𝘧 Answered your question. Not my problem if you don't like the answer. permalink EdgyUsernamexX69Xx 23 points 3 hours ago The internet is already heavily censored, idk where the rest of you have been permalink AllYouHaveIsYourself 7 points 2 hours ago Right? When someone says "unalive" it makes me fucking cringe. permalink BoltCarrierGroup 5 points 2 hours ago Makes me want to kill myself permalink 24601 1 points 2 hours ago It's still possible to connect to a random raw IP address. So, idk what you're talking about. permalink 181degrees 17 points 3 hours ago Start with censoring kids because fewer adults will complain. Once the ID technology is fully in place, they'll start rolling it out for adults under a different reason. permalink rebuildingMyself 6 points 2 hours ago Exactly. All they need is an excuse. They tried it before with COVID "misinformation" which basically worked before Twitter got bought out and allowed speech once more. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 15 points 3 hours ago Ok got a vpn, check. Next step, get on decentralized..... huh? Is he talking about a tor browser? I think ultimately there's gonna be a "dark web" for average people who just want the internet to be like it used to. In many ways the internet was better in the early 2000's. permalink rebuildingMyself 4 points 2 hours ago Normies got online and ruined everything. Smartphones letting even more normies (mostly women) in sealed its fate. permalink Elonmuskbedo 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink qwhyamihere 1 points 1 hour ago I think more locally hosted decentralized things will pop up. LBRY.IO is basically youtube and torrenting so you can self host and people seed content. Same is being built with various decentralized websites like https://zeronet.io/ permalink GentleSlayer 1 points 21 minutes ago Yeah but most content is cached at akamai data centers and other cdls to make it viewable. You'll also go back to the 90s load screen times. permalink KeepingAmericaGreat 14 points 3 hours ago Inoculation against MAGA, they're concerned about its spread. permalink rebuildingMyself 4 points 2 hours ago Agreed. More so what MAGA represents (nation first rather than sacrificing for globalism and diversity) permalink Overtaxed 3 points 2 hours ago This is it right here, internet censorship is mainly about censoring conservative pro-freedom voices. permalink Lowersidecustoms 11 points 3 hours ago Too much noticing going on. I don't think it's mere coincidence that the favorability of Israel has been tanking in recent months and more internet censorship is a priority. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago Only reason the TikTok ban was a bipartisan initiative for a while. permalink TheImpossible1 -1 points 3 hours ago Except the censorship hasn't been of pro-Pallie retards, it's overwhelmingly been of anti-female, anti-natalist speech and behaviors. The elite need more kids to rape. permalink Lowersidecustoms 1 points 3 hours ago They're just being deported to places without internet, basically censoring them. permalink TheImpossible1 0 points 2 hours ago What are you talking about? permalink UltraMAGAMilton 8 points 3 hours ago They just found their foot in the door with people accepting certain tyrannical regulations and privacy violations on the internet under the guise of protecting kids. I called this and was accused of want kids to see xxx videos. Tyranny always expands itself and now that you guys let the Vampire inside, its going g to have its way with you . .. permalink permissible_missile -1 points 3 hours ago This is what's behind the "release the list" bamboozle btw. Starting to get it yet, fellow caterpillars? permalink TheImpossible1 -7 points 3 hours ago Natalists are all pedos. Less porn means women can groom kids far easier. Don't believe me? Explain what Leila Micklewait was doing in Haiti. permalink Antenna 8 points 3 hours ago Just as he gets to the part you really need to know it cuts off. permalink ActNow 1 points 20 minutes ago Yeah. It'd be nice if a link to the Nostr video was provided. Unfortunately, the cut version is from X. Looks like Nostr is part of that decentralized effort. permalink pterodactyl_balls 1 points 2 hours ago The mullvad part is useful at least permalink TerrorAndSlaughter 7 points 2 hours ago A big driver of the plandemic was their need to establish censorship infrastructure. The ability to take down "medical misinformation" is the exact same as the ability to censor "election misinformation". People who aren't regime approved "experts" in medicine poking holes in the retarded narratives aren't that important, but stealing an election and framing the opposition for an "insurrection" is. permalink HoganP 7 points 3 hours ago People need to seriously wake up to this and stop falling for the ruse of it being about protecting kids. That's what parents are for. When governments say anything is to protect kids or women, they are almost always about to do a power grab with your rights and freedoms as the targets. permalink TheImpossible1 -5 points 2 hours ago Tradcucks will never learn, don't even try to reason with them. Remember when they made a deal with the radfems for no-fault divorce in exchange for an alliance to ban porn? It's the only thing they care about. President Trump promised on the campaign trail to oppose Project 2025 power grabs, but he hasn't. TX and FL are still speedrunning the WEF agenda. permalink JosephGoebbels5 2 points 2 hours ago My God you're retarded. permalink TheImpossible1 1 points 1 hour ago You're literally a Nazi. Nobody could be more retarded than you. permalink MEME-SUPREME 6 points 3 hours ago The next level of AI is widely seen as Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), AI with human-like reasoning and problem-solving skills across diverse domains, followed by Artificial Superintelligence (ASI), which would surpass human intellect exponentially. Shorter-term advancements include multimodal AI, which processes various data types like images and text, and hyper-intelligent systems that integrate multiple AI forms and leverage advanced hardware like quantum computing. Longer-Term Concepts Artificial General Intelligence (AGI): . This is the conceptual goal of creating AI with the ability to understand, learn, and apply knowledge to a wide range of tasks, similar to a human being. Artificial Superintelligence (ASI): . The hypothetical level beyond AGI, where AI would become self-improving and significantly smarter than the most intelligent humans, leading to rapid technological advancement and problem-solving beyond human comprehension. Near-Term Advancements Multimodal Models: . These AI systems can process and understand multiple types of data, such as text, images, audio, and video, in a more integrated and human-like manner. Hyper-Intelligent Systems: . These systems are characterized by higher-order cognitive abilities, including reasoning, planning, and creativity. Quantum Computing & Neuromorphic Hardware: . Emerging technologies like quantum computing and neuromorphic hardware are expected to provide the computational power and efficiency needed for next-generation AI to solve previously unsolvable problems. Unsupervised & Reinforcement Learning: . AI is becoming more capable of learning without human-provided labels (unsupervised learning) and learning through trial and error (reinforcement learning). Integration of Existing AI Technologies: . The next phase will involve combining different AI forms, like generative AI, in a "One-AI" approach to create more comprehensive and complementary capabilities. permalink Repentnow 1 points 2 hours ago It's polite to credit the AI when paste quoting. permalink TakingAction 1 points 3 hours ago TLDR? permalink vegaspatriot1776 1 points 3 hours ago Clunkers and oil guzzlers are much smarter than you! permalink permissible_missile 1 points 3 hours ago Tl;dr if you can't read that much text, AI is already smarter than you. Learn the intricacies of ditch digging. permalink DCPower 5 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 hours ago Because the Globalists have lost control of the Narrative. They almost had it until Musk bought X and they couldn't coordinate censorship as effectively anymore. So now you have Trump as president despite the entire Machine (govt, media, etc) being turned against him and his supporters. You have Brits pushing back against their own replacement. You have right leaning leaders getting elected on common sense platforms. We've been through Empire Strikes Back (Trump lawfare, etc) so welcome to Return of the Jedi. It's now or never. permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 3 hours ago These old demons are making the internet gay i think gen alpha wont even want to be on the internet because they made it a prison. They did all this in china 20 years ago the chinese been on vpns for 15 years minimum because their state enslaved them with this shit and has them under a social credit score system like they plan on the west all becoming slaves a well. There is no countries there are only rulers in the shadows calling the shots thru their puppet installed in each countries prime ministers / presidents its all fake, gay and coordinated the club of rome, bilderberg / WEF they have their hand up all the worlds leaders and its all the same call like Covid-19 lockdown. permalink Drcm 3 points 3 hours ago people were heightened to a razor edge under the covid hysteria, and rejected a lot of the global push of this bullshit. no that trump is in power a lot of people were lulled into relaxing,"we won". so now is the best time to sneak in more authoritarian control so that the next "covid" can actually be pulled off. permalink MAGAnic316 3 points 2 hours ago Next pandemic™️ permalink Lochnessmonster1 3 points 3 hours ago Good for me that youtube already bans all videos of interest to me anyhow. permalink elc0 3 points 3 hours ago What's coming? Could just be what's already happened. They lost control of the narrative and are desperate to regain that ability. permalink killacommieformommy 3 points 2 hours ago The old "to protect the children" act, as if they really care about children other than stealing them. permalink magaspif 2 points 3 hours ago it's too bad the internet has devolved the way it has regardless of this issue. it used to be cool, now it's gay permalink hughjasske69 2 points 3 hours ago Facebook now requires you to upload a photo of your ID and provide video selfies for verification before creating an account. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 57 minutes ago They need to pull this shit quickly because people eventually realize it's total bullshit with none of the stated goals being possible to achieve. This very week, Roblox "cease and desisted" someone for pointing out groomers. Obviously nobody gives a fuck in government, otherwise they'd have kicked doors in already. None of this shit have ever worked. Criminals get guns, kids get cigarettes, kids get booze, etc. Just the same way the Patriot Act hasn't done shit to prevent terrorism, and has an almost zero percent self-auditing history, but it cost us a shit ton of freedoms and privacy. permalink redredwine 2 points 3 hours ago Plot-twist - we all already know it was a hoax. permalink LordKuroTheGreat 2 points 3 hours ago They weren't happy with the pushback that happened during Covaids. It's harded to cull the tax cattle herd when there's pushback. permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 2 points 3 hours ago It's too late. I'm already against anything they're promoting. Censoring the internet isn't going to change my mind. permalink Former_RM2 2 points 2 hours ago I remember back in the 90s when you had Hillary and other dems lamenting the fact that talk radio was a thing. They were talking about putting restrictions on radio stations about what could be aired in regards to talk radio. They didn't like the fact that the only successful talk radio programs were either sports talk, or conservative talk. They felt that talk radio was giving the GOP an unfair advantage, and they wanted to nix it. The current censorship fight is the same thing. The authoritarians are noticing that the people who want liberty are organizing, recruiting, and conversing on the internet. They see that the liberty movement is fomented on the internet. They understand that the internet gives these people the ability to get strong enough to challenge them. They need to tamp that down. The biggest threat to the WEF globohomos is the internet. It's that simple. That's why censorship will always be a topic of conversation in every society from the dawn of mankind until the heat death of the Earth. permalink catsfive 2 points 2 hours ago The Internet will be shut down and we'll all be using Starlinks for free for a bit permalink iamimaginos 2 points 3 hours ago The Antichrist permalink Repentnow 1 points 2 hours ago Who? permalink MathletesFoot 1 points 3 hours ago The worrying thing is that even countries like Russia are in on it. permalink DiamondDroid 1 points 18 minutes ago Not news but when actual action steps were starting to be mentioned it was cut off at "get a VPN." what an odd place to end. Stop stating the problem and focus on solutions or just STFU. permalink Dieselslacker 1 points 2 hours ago From what I see, this is probably some shit being pushed by Muslim brotherhood types that have infiltrated governments. They're trying to keep the people from seeing the bullshit that's being pushed in the Western society, by Islam and the general desire to control the people by govt. Just a hypothesis permalink LibtardsAreTrash 1 points 30 minutes ago Yeah everybody's seeing a certain somebody was right all along permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 2 hours ago That reminds me, I've got to give Gab money. permalink doodaddy 1 points 2 hours ago I hadn't noticed "the push" but it makes sense. As media morphs, the propagandists who understand the importance of controlling your tongue must control the new media: print, radio, movies, tv, and now internet. Obvious with facebook. It was close with twitter. permalink 10MeV 1 points 1 hour ago Be ready. One thing almost anyone can do is get a ham radio license. We can do some useful things, like sending email without the internet. Or images, data files, all without internet. And obviously, talk over significant distances, regional, across multiple states, even globally. permalink ActNow 1 points 15 minutes ago The key word there is license. If control of the internet is achieved, how long before ham radio licenses are revoked..."for the children"? permalink shialecuck007 1 points 2 hours ago IF they cannot control the USA then they will control the Internet and when they get power back the USA will be strangled permalink JayKay1776 1 points 2 hours ago Because damning evidence is about to come out on not only Americans politicians but politicians and global leaders all around the world. They can't stop it so they have to try and censor it.NCSWC permalink josiborg 1 points 2 hours ago Thanks W permalink TheImpossible1 -3 points 3 hours ago More Babies, Less Gaming Emmanuel Macron, Davos 2024. "we're in a birth rate crisis" Elon Musk, 2025 "If we ban adult content, we can raise the birth rate Project 2025 leader, Russell Vought, on hot mic. We can use...CBDCs to restrict unwanted behaviors, like viewing adult content or buying weapons Unnamed WEF member, Davos 2024. The natalist vermin need more kids...but why? permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 59 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink DadsTastyHouse 0 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink DadsTastyHouse 0 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 697 Censoring the Internet posted 4 hours ago by RBFace 109 comments Concerned Citizen @BGatesIsaPyscho • 2d “What’s coming that makes censoring the Internet this urgent?” “A major globally coordinated initiative doesn’t just pop up over night” Have you noticed Western Countries are working faster than ever before introducing legislative controls over the internet. Either something