123 My ancestors just standing around, watching them invent everything.. posted 2 hours ago by Fakename 15 comments 15 comments Super_Dave 13 points 58 minutes ago Top = 1660 Bottom = 2024 permalink TheTelltaleFly 11 points 53 minutes ago A really important point. Fucking yikes. permalink edxzxz 7 points 34 minutes ago Wakanda was not built in a day! Or at all! permalink PMSocks 7 points 1 hour ago Arabs think camel piss is magic permalink MAGALADON9 6 points 31 minutes ago Muhammad did advocate drinking camel urine for health. But he was clearly a dummy. illiterate advocated drinking camel piss said if a fly lands on your water - dunk him, then drink was asked if it was ok to drink from a well and I quote "contaminated with menstrual rags, dead dogs, and other stinking things" - he said yep. hated chess. Said it was as if you washed your hands in pig blood. Clearly he was just stupid and was terrible at the game. and much more permalink d4tm4ss 2 points 54 minutes ago I don't think that's a camel permalink gorilla_grip 3 points 26 minutes ago Pic was not related other than bathing in urine permalink LibtardsAreTrash 1 points 16 minutes ago Indians shower in cow shit. Wear cow shit. Put cow shit in their mouths. Browns are fkng disgusting permalink DeathBattleFan123 7 points 43 minutes ago It's going through my mind, how dirty would my head have to be to scrub it in a stream of cow piss? Maybe if it was on fire, or it was getting ripped apart by fire ants or other swarming insects? Struggling to relate to this guy... permalink edxzxz 4 points 32 minutes ago It's possible that if you were profoundly retarded it might make more sense. permalink edxzxz 4 points 35 minutes ago I remember in grade school the teacher going on about how George Washington Carver invented all kinds of peanut related things and how great he was, I asked 'you didn't mention peanut butter - that's the best peanut related thing ever, didn't he invent that too?' And of course she said well, no, so I said well who cares about that other crap, why aren't we learning about the guy who invented peanut butter? She got mad when some other classmates chimed in and asked her to tell us about who invented peanut butter (it was a white guy, he invented Peter Pan peanut butter, it became the #1 best seller, then he went to another company and invented Skippy, which became the new #1 best seller). I will tip my hat to that McKoy guy that invented self oiling machines, that was a big deal, and he was black. permalink minttea2 3 points 44 minutes ago I asked Grok "In the last 2000 years, what percentage inventions that had wide ranging world significance, were primarily made by black Africans? Best guess as to percentage. What were the top 10? It comes back with junk. Including: Anthony Mutua invented shoes that generate electricity through walking, charging mobile devices in off-grid areas Momolu Duwalu Bukele created the Vai syllabary, a writing system for the Vai language, one of the few indigenous African scripts developed independently M-Pesa is a mobile money transfer and financial services platform, revolutionizing banking for the unbanked. While not solely invented by a Black African, it was pioneered in an African context with significant local input. Louis Liebenberg [sounds really "Black" to me] developed Cybertracker to preserve San people’s tracking knowledge, enabling data collection for conservation and research And lists some created purely by non-Black people. Like the CT scanner in South Africa invented by a White guy. Or a 3000 year old (pre-2000 years ago) ancient Egyptian calender. But notes: "Many African inventions, especially pre-colonial ones, were not patented or widely documented due to oral traditions and colonial suppression. For example, the Haya’s steel-making was rediscovered through archaeology and oral history." permalink LibtardsAreTrash 1 points 18 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink BrewSwillis 1 points 27 minutes ago You're laughing, but that guy just invented the free shower. permalink gorilla_grip 1 points 23 minutes ago If you’ve never seen it, check out the older movie “the gods must be crazy” it shows you what sub Saharan Africans are still like in their no tech lifestyle and how things go to shit in their community when one glass coke bottle falls from the sky. This “black people invented everything” hoax is so ridiculous and unbelievable. permalink 123 My ancestors just standing around, watching them invent everything.. posted 2 hours ago by Fakename 15 comments