578 UK Gov’t Panic: Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants Amid Legal Challenges (www.breitbart.com) posted 2 hours ago by Moebius 88 comments UK Gov't Panic Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants In an act of apparent desperation, Britain's government has begun contacting thousands of properties to house tens of thousands of migrants www.breitbart.com 88 comments TheRedPilledArtist 90 points 2 hours ago Civil War is inevitable. permalink BruddahIz 46 points 2 hours ago I have theoretical legal thought experiments where we can use the Treaty of Paris or war of 1812 treaty to supply material help to the true people of the UK to repel their usurped govt. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 46 points 1 hour ago They don't give a shit about laws or legalities. Come on. They're arresting white Britons for proclaiming their love for bacon or using a plastic knife to butter their toast, meanwhile Muslim trafficking and kidnapped child rape brothels exist on every block. They're beyond laws now. permalink bangbus 5 points 26 minutes ago At some point soon this migrant housing will become mandatory. Will that be “the line?” I don’t know, but it will make for interesting times. I should write an AI novel in the style of Dickens about the modern UK. permalink Here_we_go 1 points 5 minutes ago I dont see a true uprising in our lifetimes. permalink TheRedPilledArtist 27 points 2 hours ago I'm very anti-war. But I would fight to the death to save the West. permalink EuthanizeTheTroons 7 points 20 minutes ago It's not like you have a choice after a certain point. You either fight and expel the towel heads or they rape your kids. permalink Here_we_go 1 points 3 minutes ago If they consider killing their kids in "honor" killings, wtf do you think they'll do to all of us? permalink TravisRSCX 5 points 19 minutes ago Really the only war worth fighting for… permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink yodayoda 7 points 1 hour ago if i were you I'd worry about my own country. e.g. if you are American, your own government did the same or even worse. permalink gb1787 5 points 31 minutes ago Exactly. The only thing saving us is 2A permalink EuthanizeTheTroons 2 points 18 minutes ago You can focus on more than one problem at a time unless you're a retard. They are using the same play book across all white western nations. It's good to see what the enemy is doing in the other Countries as well. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 5 points 2 hours ago If they don't fight for it themselves they will never keep it. permalink yodayoda -2 points 1 hour ago they got themselves into it, let them get themselves out of it. permalink DeaduponArousal 1 points 10 minutes ago They need some airdropped liberators. permalink Tongs_Ya_Bass 9 points 2 hours ago It’s already started. Ankle deep just now. permalink yodayoda 0 points 1 hour ago nope. more hopium and copium. permalink rebuildingMyself 8 points 1 hour ago That's why they came for the guns first. Then they let the 3rd worlders be violent with other weapons so those could be banned as well. Then censoring speech was next so they could lock up anyone who dares disagree with their own formally peaceful neighborhoods being ruined and turned into some urban shithole. This all falls apart if the people can still anonymously coordinate and share frustrations online, hence the obsession with locking the internet down and forcing you to dox yourself. permalink Illuminaughty 9 points 2 hours ago And then one day for absolutely no reason… permalink ecto_coolest 3 points 37 minutes ago Bring it on!!!! permalink Oruin 50 points 2 hours ago Oh look, history repeats itself! This is such a bad idea someone wrote an entire Amendment against it. permalink Moebius OP 38 points 2 hours ago 'The Quartering Act'...one of the many 'Intolerable Acts' that led directly to the Revolution. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 26 points 2 hours ago Ironic, that the British are getting a taste of their own medicine. permalink airborne3502 12 points 2 hours ago Nice. That Golden Nugget, as you know, even made it into our Declaration of Independence. permalink BruddahIz 11 points 2 hours ago In histroy class the intelectual class always made fun of it - like - "absurdly unnecessary" - yet once again - we have proof that our founders were smarter than all of us "modern" people. permalink Toohershat 8 points 1 hour ago Intolerable to free people, but forced quartering has been a common move by dictators throughout human history. permalink Jimmyprawns 1 points 12 minutes ago And occupying armies. permalink MrBelugaBiscuit 23 points 2 hours ago Which way Western Man? permalink Bldg_2019 21 points 2 hours ago Limeys will now quarter the invaders colonizing THEM. Poetic justice comes to England. permalink rebuildingMyself 18 points 2 hours ago Contact the leftists that virtue signal about how amazing their own demographic replacement is. I'm sure they'll be happy to disrupt their lives for some 3rd world savage that doesn't even speak English permalink duehuckleberry 15 points 2 hours ago Seriously, WTF is wrong with their leadership! Who the hell at the top is calling these shots? permalink ragnarokrobo 26 points 2 hours ago WEF/Trilateral Commission/Rothschilds/Bilderbergers/Illuminati/Jews/Lizard People/Aliens. Anyone but the actual native population. permalink yodayoda 6 points 1 hour ago this permalink Hangmhigh 3 points 44 minutes ago The list of who needs be panicing. permalink ragnarokrobo 1 points 14 minutes ago I wish. Don't think they give a shit. permalink Bluemoonsugar 3 points 30 minutes ago Muslims that for years have infiltrated government. permalink FiresideRant 2 points 14 minutes ago Kinda like what's slowly happening here in the US. permalink IlhansBrother 2 points 13 minutes ago WTF is wrong with their leadership! Too many gender studies majors in charge permalink altYPNeT 12 points 2 hours ago lol As if the UK Govt was scared of some "legal challenge". In the country where the courts send you to jail for a tweet. permalink RedDon 8 points 1 hour ago I feel bad for the people of England and the other White European nations. If anything, this a cautionary tale for Americans. What you are seeing is a glimpse of America 20 minutes in the future. It’s coming here too and we need to figure this out before it’s too late and we end up like these crumbling nations. permalink lifeisahologram 7 points 2 hours ago i suspect not a single leftist communist fuck face in England is offering to accept any by the way. They are hoping the government can pressure all the normies into accepting them permalink notsuicidalatall 7 points 2 hours ago A shame. I have an ex-pat from Brit. as a close friend. I don't think he likes Trump but i'll bet my dick he is happy he came here 17 years ago. permalink Moebius OP 4 points 2 hours ago As long as he behaves himself and came here legally I would have no quarrels. If he steps out of line... permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 6 points 1 hour ago Now's your chance, UK. Once they compel you to use your private residences to house them, you've already lost. Everything you own is surrendered. permalink CaJuN-Polak 6 points 2 hours ago Honestly .... it'd be much more convenient for ME to kill invaders from the comfort of my own home. Jeeze, I don't even think I'd feel the need to change out of my pajamas. I'm seeing a win-win here. permalink Moebius OP 4 points 2 hours ago As long as I'm reimbursed for my 'expendables'... permalink Truthisunpopular 4 points 1 hour ago Start with cops and judges willing to uphold unjust laws first, then any male invader or their sons of ANY age. Keep going until there are no more of these then start on the females if they still haven't left. permalink Moebius OP 3 points 1 hour ago I'd keep a few of 'em and put 'em to work on Pig Farms and Dog Kennels... If they complain point out that Sharia Law allows Slavery... permalink breathittbill 4 points 23 minutes ago They’re doing the same shyte that kicked off the Revolutionary War. Making people house people they don’t want. Ignoring the common man to increase their wealth. It’s going to get nasty over there. permalink Hanrahan 3 points 1 hour ago I guess the hero blue protectors will have to arrest people for not giving up their home to invaders now. permalink 10MeV 3 points 2 hours ago Does anyone remember that scene in the movie "Dr. Zhivago"? Summary: After returning to his Moscow home, Yuri Zhivago discovers that his house has been seized by the Soviet government and is now occupied by 13 additional families. This occurs after the Bolsheviks take control of the city, and the house, once his private residence, has been converted into a communal apartment. The scene is a pivotal moment in the narrative, symbolizing the drastic shift in personal property rights under the new regime. permalink MeMargie 3 points 2 hours ago UK Gov't needs to go to the Country's where the Migrants came from and demand they take them back. permalink Banfir 3 points 30 minutes ago British government is going to get ran the out of town again. This time on there own land. Revolution is in the midst! permalink FiresideRant 3 points 15 minutes ago Muslims have the UK govt. under their thumb. This WILL become a mandatory action. They will tell UK residents, specifically anyone in the middle class, that they have no choice but to give up space in their own homes to provide housing for these satan worshipping animals. permalink Moebius OP 2 points 12 minutes ago They will surrender their homes entirely. The plan is to remodel the homes to house additional Migrants. You can't house 20K Migrants in 5000 homes without first kicking out the people who live there... permalink Aluminoti 3 points 27 minutes ago I hear Ellen Degenerate and Madonna have extra rooms permalink FusionBlack 3 points 52 minutes ago I understand the palace is very spacious. permalink zooty 3 points 2 hours ago Good. It's going to be much harder to brush the inevitable outcomes under a rug. Though if they have an ounce of sense, they'll be trying to house any families instead of the fighting age men. But probably not. permalink Owmyballz 3 points 2 hours ago The ole: 1st) Knock on liberals door 2nd) Hag with blue hair answers door: hello 3rd) Conservative: Hi do you support immigration? 4th) Hag: Yes I do 5th) Conservative: Great, I have Julio from Haiti and Abdullah from Afghanistan looking to live in your home, you support that right? 5th) Hag: Not at my home 6th) Conservative: But you support immigration yes? 7th) Hag: NIMBY This is going to fail, its going to fail hard. Any idiot hag who moves a muslim into their home is going to end up beheaded, raped and their dog raped in that order. permalink KeepingAmericaGreat 3 points 49 minutes ago Isn't that policy currently in practice here in the US? Aurora, CO apartment complexes immediately come to mind. E: "... Contacting private landlords to inquire about renting their properties to house migrants, offering up to five years guaranteed rent, utilities, council tax and repairs, all at taxpayer expense." permalink Seatacjoe 3 points 2 hours ago Contracts today, demands tomorrow permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 1 hour ago as always 'con' tracts permalink halfstep 3 points 48 minutes ago Can we get this here? A ban on housing illegals at hotels. I'm convinced it's just a form of graft where politicos are flooding their friends and ngos with cash. No way it should cost $200 per night. Afterwards they will also pay them millions in repair fees to clean up the absolute squalor created. Pretty nice way to run a business to have the government rent the whole building and pay full price what a Fucking joke... permalink bringbackthe80s 2 points 48 minutes ago The UK govt loves sucking it's wife's boyfriend's dick. permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 1 hour ago refyoo geeez welcum !!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHH.... NOT IN MY HOUSE permalink ParticleCannon 2 points 2 hours ago Are there no hotels in the wonderfully diverse places they come from? permalink RealTXPatriot 2 points 1 hour ago Hmm... I seem to remember the British forcing foreigners into the homes of Americans at one point. Didn't go as planned for them. Don't think this one will either but then again the Brits are cuck faggots. permalink donaldlives 3 points 55 minutes ago Why is Britain genociding its own people? as is Ireland, and other countries. It is blatantly white genocide. permalink Bluemoonsugar 5 points 24 minutes ago It's Muslims infiltrated in their government for years. permalink shadypollster 2 points 54 minutes ago Airstrip One is getting unhappy. permalink GontMawr 2 points 52 minutes ago This is not the answer the British want. Its not fucking hot potato. permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 2 points 12 minutes ago Top top, if you send them back to the shitholes they came from, you don’t need to house them. permalink ecto_coolest 2 points 38 minutes ago oi m8 u got ah loicence 4 them maigrants? permalink Waco419 2 points 1 hour ago Hitler did the same thing. permalink dannydrak 2 points 1 hour ago Did these assholes forget that they live on an island? permalink Waco419 2 points 1 hour ago Hitler did the same thing. permalink BurtMcGirt 1 points 9 minutes ago I can't wait to see the UK citizens rise up with their... Spoons. This is what happens when you let a government fully cuck you. permalink Moebius OP 1 points 2 minutes ago ...and they shall grind their spoons into stabby weapons. Any hunk of metal, judiciously applied against a grinder or even a file makes a weapon. permalink TrumpPatriot84 1 points 3 minutes ago Why doesn't the king open the palace for them? Or the prime minister his house? permalink FredRedd 1 points 2 minutes ago They should contact Rosie in Ireland. permalink GodIsPerfect 1 points 2 minutes ago Oh, you want to invade and enslave me? Well, walk right in. Have my wife permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 1 minute ago Is it not obvious what is happening? This is a form of Warfare. Its Subversive. And those responsible need to be killed. Does not matter how or if its even an act of terror. The people doing this to western nations need to be killed. The problem is that those same people manipulate morons to think its a race war such that they will kill their neighbor. The rich white people do not care about white people. That is what so many of you fail to understand. The WEF Stakeholders are the legacy of the NAZIS. The result of Operation Paperclip. You guys are being played. You can kill my Tribe off entirely and it would actually get worse for you not better. There are 15 Million Jews. In USA 1/3rd are with you, with Trump. Including me. The other 2/3rds, I have known, while smart, they are sheepish followers of the dogma of the day. Manipulated just like ordinary whites. The Oligarchs play everyone off each other and stimulate racial tensions to get more control and obfuscation or their 'rackets. Yes Jews are over represented but that is not all of us, nor do we or our faith condone the corruption. Quite the contrary in fact. So the useful tools being used as frontmen as serving 2 purposes for the elites. Smart move by Oligarchs to use frontnmen. Nevertheless, ordinary assholes like me work and pay taxes while getting just as fucked over as you. And those of us who know about it have been with Trump since before anyone. Do not pretend all Jews are on the other side. Its simply not true. And in Israel, no matter how you feel about them, they do love you, despite the occasional degenerate. They love Trump. Do you think there is any genuine reason Israel would hate the USA whatever the corruption? And there is for sure corruption, but Israel did it to survive and thrive. Not to destroy. Do not confuse the grave enemy of Islam, the cunning adversaries of China or Russia, or the economic greed of India as minor. They represent billions of people. Jews are just 15 million remaining and in decline with negative birth rate. Just like White Westerners. Which brings me to the next point. Declining Birth Rates. If you were an elite captain of industry and you saw that our society could no longer compete, and that your business could no longer compete, you too may consider cheap foreign labor. We failed in our schools and in our homes to make, raise, and educate enough children. We allowed Doctors to bring technology to countries that caused the scales to be tipped against us. Billion + person nations that make babies as fast as they can. While our Woman get Degrees and maybe have one kid. Lets be real, we have real baby making problem. At the heart of all of this the 2 greatest threats are the WEF Stakeholders taking over our Governments subversively, and a lack of enough Babies being born. You can blame Jews and wipe them out, see what that does, or you could howl into the Internet, bark at the moon, whatever, have a race war with blacks, latinos, whomever you like. Its not going to change the fact that White Woman do not make enough Babies. That's the bottom line. Fix that and take down the WEF / Bilderberg and the scales get tipped back in your favor, White Man. Babies and Freedom. Its a simple formula. permalink Concerned__Citizen 1 points 12 minutes ago Simple solution - burn those houses down and you don't have to worry about them being rented to invaders. permalink Obsessedcowpuss -1 points 53 minutes ago Releasing the Ep t in files is the right thing to do. permalink 578 UK Gov’t Panic: Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants Amid Legal Challenges (www.breitbart.com) posted 2 hours ago by Moebius 88 comments UK Gov't Panic Contacts Private Residencies to House Hotel Migrants In an act of apparent desperation, Britain's government has begun contacting thousands of properties to house tens of thousands of migrants www.breitbart.com