664 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 4 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 80 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 14h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor. 80 comments Caliban 77 points 3 hours ago I miss the good ole days when the cops would beat the shit out of all of them. permalink XlDEN 33 points 3 hours ago They need to go back to good old-fashioned Irish cops who busted heads. They didn’t put up with the bs back then. permalink charwoman 10 points 3 hours ago Oak shampoos permalink vegaspatriot1776 -22 points 3 hours ago So we should end freedom of speech in the USA? permalink Im_RickSteves_bitch 12 points 3 hours ago The utter faggotry. permalink TheRPatriot 11 points 2 hours ago The founding fathers didn’t have these mudslime shit-stains in mind running amuck permalink Gadsden 5 points 32 minutes ago That's a hostile foreign government protesting our government from within our country. Freedom of speech isn't a catch-all for illegal behavior. permalink Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 hours ago For muslims, yes. permalink Morokei 2 points 28 minutes ago This is actually interfering with the ability of police officers to do their duty. Not a free speech issue. permalink 3-10 1 points 21 minutes ago Until we make non-Christians 2nd class citizens, revoke Muslim’s citizenship, we will have these issues. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 39 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink TearsAficionado 1 points 36 minutes ago Muzzie on Muzzie unrest. Fuck em all. permalink DadsTastyHouse 2 points 33 minutes ago hopefully they kill each other permalink Trooph-Hurts 38 points 3 hours ago That woman is so ugly. She should be careful who she calls a pig…… Arab women are almost more disgusting than black women permalink x79q3pb 22 points 3 hours ago They suffer a similar predicament to latinas, either 9+ or less than 2 with very little in between. permalink Keiichi81 18 points 2 hours ago The ones that are a 9+ invariably are Iranian and of Persian descent. The rest of the Arab world is so riddled with inbreeding that it starts to make sense why the men fuck goats. permalink WhatsFappening 2 points 49 minutes ago Kek permalink 3-10 2 points 23 minutes ago Turkish ones too, but that is because they kidnapped and raped European women so they don’t look inbred. permalink 3-10 2 points 20 minutes ago The other problem with Latinas is the 9s turn to 2 after their first kid. They get super fat. What is the difference beteeen a Mexican Housewife and a Water Buffalo….about 5 pounds. permalink TheironToaster 15 points 3 hours ago Inbreeding permalink Shakakka99 9 points 3 hours ago The chance that a spinning house falls from the sky and lands on top of you is low, but never zero. permalink Trumportellagain 7 points 2 hours ago Inbreeding will do that. Most Muslim marriages are between first cousins. permalink MickHigan2 28 points 3 hours ago Who pushed for them to be here? Who was behind the Hart Cellar act that enabled this? The Assyrians and Persians would send their people into their conquered lands in order to divide / conquer. Multiculturalism was the weapon of choice by our enemies. permalink pepperonishoes 3 points 2 hours ago So it's the Great Society fella. permalink Hangmhigh 3 points 39 minutes ago WEF. Every member is responsible. permalink Wexit-Delecto 1 points 2 hours ago Tibetans pushed for them to be here. permalink rapskull 0 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink South_Florida_Guy 24 points 3 hours ago Always with that hideous inbred face permalink WarEagleMAGA 10 points 3 hours ago True, Persian women can be quite beautiful. Arab women, not. permalink Trump454748 20 points 4 hours ago Generally, I’m against police violence, but in this case, I’ll make an exception. permalink vegaspatriot1776 6 points 3 hours ago Police are ghey, and not your friends. Never call them, or talk to them. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 4 points 2 hours ago I was walking home drunk about a month ago and I was wasted. Police intercepted me and tried to figure out if I drove my car to the bar that way. I said, my car is at home, in the outside parking lot, the keys are on my kitchen table. They insisted I drove, and I had to keep telling them my car is at home ect. I was calm and relaxed, I'm not an angry drunken person, I enjoy my drunk socializing. So yes, they try to imcriminate you for crimes you have not committed like driving drunk. I have been incriminated for driving drunk when I wasn't. This is something I will be personally writing to Donald Trump. permalink VanDeKoik 1 points 1 hour ago Until you see some random black guy that triggers you, then you will be all over 911. Give me a break. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 37 minutes ago that would be some muslim on muslim violence. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 18 points 3 hours ago She shouldn't be allowed to just scream right in that cops face like that. He looked like it was either getting to him, making him rethink his position or like he wanted to reach out and shut her up, hopefully the latter. This reminds me of a video posted here recently where a muslim woman had assaulted some guy then pretended he was "islamaphobic" and was trying to kill her. When it was clear she was lying and they had to arrest her for the assault she started calling the cops islamaphobic and saying how they're supposed to serve muslims because they're so beneath them. Found it: https://patriots.win/p/19BtGZqjB9/x/c/4eVLPhh2Iam?d=50 permalink AndanteAndante 4 points 3 hours ago Omg that was more crazy muzzie bitch! Those cops deserve a medal. permalink TNgirl4Trump 2 points 37 minutes ago That was unbelievable. Thanks for sharing. permalink Another_ID 17 points 3 hours ago That screaming is painful. Arm these guys with sound horns to blast back in their faces. permalink JackOfAllTirades 16 points 3 hours ago There shouldn't be any Muslim law enforcement officers. It's just on the job training for enforcement of Sharia Law. permalink Mamapedia 9 points 3 hours ago This is the most important reaction to that video. It cannot be overstated. permalink SteveRogers42 5 points 2 hours ago In New York. After 9-11. permalink Owmyballz 13 points 3 hours ago And you see this Muslim Sergeant holding his head in shame. He'll turn around and shoot his own cops. Get him the fuck off the force. permalink PatriotSkorzeny 12 points 3 hours ago Muslim NYPD officer wat? Bruh a muzzie is not handcuffing me. 🤣🤣 Gtfo. permalink mlp67 10 points 3 hours ago The moustache and nose on that beast. They're mad all the time because they're so damn ugly. permalink Rain_man 9 points 2 hours ago Look at the Muslim cop. He’s mulling it over. Get Islam out of America. permalink Wexit-Delecto 4 points 2 hours ago He’s not mulling anything over. He joined the police for taqqiya. He’s just not ready to make his move yet. permalink davidac1982 7 points 3 hours ago Who knows why Mamdani is letting an inbred Joe Camel be his intern? permalink IAmRetard 7 points 3 hours ago That Sargent saw it and stepped in. Somebody should have knocked her out permalink plasticglock 7 points 3 hours ago I bet he wanted to stone her to death in the street. And here we are stopping him... permalink twentytwentyfourr 6 points 3 hours ago where's her husband? permalink Nat4Pat 6 points 3 hours ago Do that in any Muslim country she's dead. The west is not for primitives. Make a white baby boom and take the country back. permalink Wexit-Delecto 3 points 2 hours ago Make a white baby boom White women say nope. permalink MeatShield72 5 points 3 hours ago It was this moment he realized Jesus Christ is the way, the truth and the light. permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 17 minutes ago Amen permalink Smashley 4 points 2 hours ago These people need a beat down. Make them scared to be in public. permalink MeMargie 4 points 3 hours ago A call for war on this soil 🎯 permalink JoeBidensDementia1 3 points 3 hours ago I thought transgenders weren't allowed in Islam. permalink OftenDisgusted 2 points 2 hours ago With extremely few exceptions these people are uncivil, irritating and disgusting. permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 2 hours ago Tired of my tax money going to useless people. Fire them all and let the animals just run wild at this point. Put the stress on the American dumbass till he has enough and handles it himself. like take your crybaby shit back the the desert lands and pick up a rifle if you feel strong but get out of our lands u are not wanted and never were. permalink Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 2 hours ago Beat the shit out of the muzzie whore and throw in the jail permalink Fecklessgod 2 points 2 hours ago Bro was tagged out by sarge. Not sure if he was irritated with it or what. Wonder what was going on in his head. permalink Free0fReddit 2 points 3 hours ago He should've just pinched his nose. Hahah permalink DCPower 1 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink feraxil 1 points 1 hour ago I wish I was unemployed so I could go to these kinds of events with a giant sign that says "Mohammad was a Faggot". permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 20 minutes ago These angry face-to-face encounters are getting super old. I'm tired of seeing unnecessary standoffs between police officers and obvious provocateurs. Protestors should never be allowed to get up close to cops. Big difference between a public demonstration and an intentional face-off. Leave cops alone. permalink patriotplus 1 points 2 hours ago the mafia needs to make a comeback permalink SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 hours ago Mohammed was a pedophile terrorists and probably sounded just like her. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 hours ago Crusades II is coming. They won't like it. permalink TNgirl4Trump 1 points 57 minutes ago Deport! Deport! Deport! permalink Christineblaseyford 1 points 3 hours ago "Put some piss on that name" permalink Stlpoolguy 1 points 1 hour ago Getting inside someone's personal space for the intention of intimidation should warrant assault permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 40 minutes ago holy fuck everyone of those pigs is brown permalink yodayoda 1 points 2 hours ago import the 3rd world, become the 3rd world. it's as simple as that. permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 2 hours ago MAMDANIS CREW permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 2 hours ago Barbarians seizing power, financed by global banks. permalink Maganifice7 1 points 8 seconds ago Maybe NYC needs to be burned down... permalink deleted -1 points 3 hours ago Whoopies_tds 4 points 3 hours ago You know he sent her right? permalink Seeker_17 1 points 3 hours ago You seem confused. Mamdani is a muzzie POS permalink ragnarokrobo 1 points 2 hours ago So is that cop apparently. Probably go to the same mosque. permalink DILLIGAF_Bro 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 40 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink new_guy2 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 664 Demonic Muslim shouting at NYPD Muslim officer posted 4 hours ago by FuckAllDemocrats 80 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 14h The Islamist who screamed at a Muslim NYPD officer for stopping rioters from burning down NYC has been revealed as an intern for Zohran Mamdani. These are the lunatics who’ll run the city if he becomes mayor.