792 TRUMP: FREE TINA PETERS... posted 2 hours ago by Looniz74 PRO 114 comments 114 comments barc 71 points 2 hours ago Less talk, more do. permalink DCPower 52 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink BloodElfSupporter 10 points 46 minutes ago Got a call from him (voicemail) yesterday saying that they still need to raise $90k for legal fees. I used to donate to him and Trump (and Scott) but I just got laid off last week so it’s tough for me to do it this time. I hope he will be okay. permalink spinometer2 1 points 3 minutes ago got the same call permalink lostremote- 30 points 2 hours ago STFU. Theres a process. He puts them on notice, then he drops the hammer. Have you learned nothing? permalink N7fury 19 points 2 hours ago There are many petulant children here who are mostly clinically depressed and like to pretend like nothing good ever happens permalink IllUseAnchorBaby 8 points 58 minutes ago Yes, they’re called doomers, and they are the polar opposite of MAGA They are losers permalink PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 15 minutes ago most of the doomers are propagandists, here to try and demoralize the rest of us. some are legitimately tragic individuals that are trapped in Plato's cave but most of them are fifth columnists here to disrupt. have to examine each user's pattern of behavior in order to determine which they are, but this is just a general PSA for anybody that doesn't appreciate how dedicated these sociopaths are to trying to undermine the movement. sure would love to know who they're working for, likely to be multiple unaffiliated groups with a similar motive (ie. derail MAGA). permalink view 1 more comments... Pepbrandt 7 points 49 minutes ago Dan Bongino has entered the chat. "Where do I sit today, fellas?" permalink Klaus73 4 points 34 minutes ago I think because of the constant stream of good news that essentially blacks out the bad news. I remember when folks would talk about inflation and the stock market and tariffs on here...when things were not going south. The doomers are the reality check; sometimes they go too far - everything needs to work its way through systems. The problem is that MAGA has a bad habit of dancing while the house around them burns as they tunnel tidbits of the good and ignore the very real threats blooming under their feet. permalink FatigueIsReal -2 points 28 minutes ago Around here they create issues around them and pretend things are failing. Iran was a shitshow on this site. Every single thread was flooded with WW3 bullshit. permalink view 1 more comments... HurtzLocker 3 points 1 hour ago Conversely, a number of naive milquetoasts frequent this board who are easily placated by strongly worded letters and an ultimate lack of action by Republicans. In fact, they often cite "the process" in their diatribes against patriots who value deeds over words. They seemingly possess no comprehension of history or reality. Thank God genuine men of action flourished in the 18th Century. Otherwise, our constitutional republic would be nonexistent. Edit: To those of you downvoting this comment, you are precisely the ignorant cowards referenced in the above post. Have your testosterone levels checked. I'm so grateful you weren't around 250 years ago, and the Founding Fathers would share the same sentiment. permalink N7fury 5 points 1 hour ago No, I'm talking about every action made out of the Trump camp. Not the uniparty Republicans. I'm not talkong specifically about spineless corrupt politicians. By all means, keep calling them out. I'm talking about how with enough time Trump usually delivers. We've had more happen in the last few years than we have in decades. There is some good happening. I'm talking about the rejection of good news as bad news. All news is bad news. A worrying trend I've noticed permalink view 2 more comments... KillerShears 5 points 46 minutes ago Very disappointed in this being downvoted permalink IllUseAnchorBaby 2 points 60 minutes ago Quit being a doomer pussy permalink FatigueIsReal 1 points 21 minutes ago Ignoring the process is what retards do. Criticizing the process and trying to effect change is what the 18th century men did. The ones on here are the retards. They are doing exactly nothing to effect change. They are constantly saying "ignore the process and just do shit." This is how retards think. Its what they're democrats did for 4 years and why they are losing so badly on every front now. "Ignore the judges!!!!" is a great example. Trump instead takes the cases to the Appeals courts and the SCOTUS and sets precedent for decades to come because he understands "the process." permalink view 1 more comments... Mulletgunning 2 points 40 minutes ago Agreed. Doomer? No I ain't a fucking pom pom waving cheerleader . These anti white faggots ,commies and pedos have to beheld accountable whether you retards,feds on this board or complacent go along to get along queers like it or not.MAGA AF permalink BruddahIz 6 points 2 hours ago I want to see the hammer - Unlike Obama he has to backup his red line. - I hope he does - I can't imagine him posting this without a plan. permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 6 points 2 hours ago I like that the notice reminds everyone in the USA that CO is corrupt and the election was a fraud. Then he moves on to extreme measures to get her out of the state jail. I was hoping he would would have done this a long time ago, but as we know, his plate is overflowing. permalink Thrilly 1 points 19 minutes ago Would love to see the tweets AFTER the we get the outcome instead of threats. permalink Andover 9 points 2 hours ago If only the most powerful man in the world could do something about this. permalink _Eric_Ciaramella_ 14 points 2 hours ago Tits McGee needs to end her Fox News interview and do some work permalink Andover 4 points 1 hour ago Be fair, protecting the lsraeIi government's pedo extortion of our entire Congress must be a full-time job! permalink Agent_Orange 1 points 10 minutes ago She was convicted and sentenced on state crimes. President Trump can't do anything directly, but, he can apply pressure on the state to release her. permalink Morokei 1 points 36 minutes ago Cut off Colorado federal funds until they restore Tina her sorely denied civil rights and freedom. Good the President finally whines about it on Truth but action is what is needed. permalink USDMaga 40 points 2 hours ago Bring up CO officials on RICO charges for this. permalink PROCIsAsshoe 1 points 5 minutes ago that would be delicious. Along with the CA and MI state leadership, CO's state politicians are vying for a spot atop the podium of 'most deserving'. permalink mrreneck 33 points 2 hours ago Make her a federal witness, NOW. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink MrJinxy 9 points 1 hour ago Really good idea, patriot. permalink yougotfooledlmao -2 points 20 minutes ago Lol imagine thinking this admin would do anything other talk and focus on trivial matters. permalink Kricket 3 points 9 minutes ago Rule 1) be here for Trump and MAGA Everyone sees you, handshake. You’re fooling no one. permalink UnapprovedNarrative 1 points 3 minutes ago lol.. THIS fucking faggot permalink DCPower 27 points 2 hours ago Please support Mike Lindell of MyPillow to fight for election integrity! His legal battle against Dominion Voting Machines is still ongoing. https://patriots.win/p/19BtL8YNaE/ permalink Illah88zillah 21 points 2 hours ago Get her out of prison and put fat, cheating, hillary wanna be, sec of state Jenna- 'woopsie, I leaked the domion passwords'- Griswold in prison where she belongs. We all know you need ankles to wear an ankle monitor so, let's just lock the fat criminal hog up permalink EvilGreed209 14 points 2 hours ago Take Harsh Measures that woman is a PATRIOT to the upmost. No talk all action from her now do whats right. permalink Talon54 2 points 1 hour ago utmost permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 1 hour ago you know i thought so but had a brain fog moment as typing just woke up no coffee i guess =). permalink Talon54 3 points 1 hour ago I know what you're talking about. I'm on my third mug. permalink Hckyhillbilly 1 points 2 hours ago I’m certainly not a legal mind, but it would seem that some kind of whistleblower protection would apply in this case. permalink Looniz74 OP PRO 13 points 2 hours ago https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115066670303535454 permalink BurtMcGirt 11 points 2 hours ago Maximum pressure needs to be put on Colorado and every Democrat in office until Peters is freed. Use every tentacle of the as a weapon, just like the Democrat Communists do. permalink Hikedelics 3 points 40 minutes ago Don’t let up after she is out, we need Griswold and Weiser, AT MINIMUM, to pay. Lots of other corrupt little shits that deserve comeuppance too, but those two need to be made examples of. permalink BurtMcGirt 1 points 36 minutes ago Great point permalink lifeisahologram 10 points 2 hours ago Trump should just go and see her, with all of his security, secret service, etc. then just literally walk out with her. What are they gonna do? Nothing. permalink BruddahIz 2 points 2 hours ago Sounds cool - but he doesn't have to even go this far. permalink mty_green_go 1 points 4 minutes ago They will charge him just like NY and Georgia and other retard states tried to do. not the brightest idea permalink Colorado-Living 6 points 2 hours ago Make it rain President Tump!! permalink YouAreIgnorant 4 points 1 hour ago WE ARE TIRED OF TALK ABOUT ELECTION FRAUD, TREASON, AND THE REST. BREAK SOME FUCKING SKULLS!!!!!!!!!!!!! permalink RationalThought 4 points 2 hours ago 9 years is an absolute smoke, they were sending a message. If this was reversed our Conservative Judge would have gave them the 3,000 fine only and they would of never spent a night in jail let alone get sentenced to nine fucking years in State pen. How disgusting what they did to this woman. What can Trump do besides raise awareness of it? Possibly open a Federal investigation into the whole thing? Don't know but I hope he does something this is beyond cruel. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 6 minutes ago What can Trump do besides raise awareness of it? Tell his AG to actually fucking do something for once or finally just fire that loser. permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 1 hour ago how can brandon the pant shitter pardon thousands and yet we have this BS permalink RationalThought 1 points 58 minutes ago Bring it up if any of his pardons included State inmates, bring it up with that States governor because Brandon could not pardon a State inmate, only the Governor can. They can work in tandem of course. permalink thelastlast 3 points 2 hours ago ok, a bit late but ok permalink flashersenpai 1 points 36 minutes ago i'm pretty sure he mentioned it earlier this year but as usual Pam Bondi doesn't do fuck all permalink philasoma 3 points 1 hour ago Please take down Griswold, President Trump. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink Slice 3 points 2 hours ago Now do Snowden.. permalink UltraFrogMan 1 points 2 hours ago Not in our jurisdiction saddly permalink flashersenpai 1 points 36 minutes ago Unlike Peters, Trump can pardon Snowden. Even so, the feds can intervene for Tina to vindicate her civil rights. permalink Smashley 3 points 2 hours ago Fuck yeah. permalink Urusovite 2 points 20 minutes ago Blah blah blah. Enough yapping. Do something already permalink yurimodin 2 points 1 hour ago I still don't see why the president can't pardon state level convictions. permalink spentcoffee 2 points 43 minutes ago states rights permalink flashersenpai 1 points 35 minutes ago Pardon isn't necessary to get her relief for her wrongful prosecution. permalink DontTreadOnLego 2 points 1 hour ago Pull fed funds out of commierado until this is fixed. permalink YodaBannon 2 points 2 hours ago fuck yeah dude permalink patriotplus 2 points 2 hours ago DO IT. permalink WowStrongWinning 1 points 1 hour ago Need to free Cain Velasquez as well permalink Account 1 points 7 minutes ago I saw this posted here yesterday, is this a response to us or was it big on twitter, or? permalink flashersenpai 1 points 33 minutes ago The papers on on Bondi's desk I'm sure. Fire that worthless broad, and her lobbyist buddy Susie Wiles too. Isn't it amazing how many of the worst Trump people are from "based" Florida? permalink FlyCatcher94 1 points 7 minutes ago FUCKING TAKE HARSH MEASURES NOW permalink 1MonkeyJr 1 points 19 minutes ago Outstanding, Mr. President! Free Tina Peters! Yes, please - absolutely go to war with the Democrats ruining the great state of Colorado. Jared Polis Tim Gill Rutt Bridges Pat Stryker and their operatives… permalink DontTreadOnLego 1 points 1 hour ago The backstabbing by the mesa county republican party didn't help either. permalink FreshMemes 1 points 45 minutes ago Stable genius. permalink Antenna 1 points 5 minutes ago And she is a Gold Star Mom. Did Trump just find out about this?? I am growing really distrustful of his advisors. permalink ThunderGatti 1 points 56 minutes ago About damn time. Crush them permalink SaltyTitties4 1 points 17 minutes ago Haven’t we already been through this? Didn’t we get posts a month or so ago, saying she had been exonerated or feeed or pardoned?? permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 1 hour ago DO.THE.HARSH.MEASURES. permalink RaginJake379 1 points 44 minutes ago We are way too late in the season for threats permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago I'm sorry. I keep picturing Bernadette Peters. How dare you hassle Bernadette. permalink HumblePepe 1 points 54 minutes ago Please wipe out the dems in CO, Trump. Please, just do it. Do it like you did DC. They're all pedo criminals anyways. permalink RealTXPatriot 1 points 1 hour ago Skullfuck Colorado into the mountain side permalink TrumpRideorDie74 1 points 1 hour ago Pattern recognition loading.............. Two more weeks! permalink spinometer2 1 points 2 minutes ago LET THE HAMMER FALL permalink SaltyTitties4 1 points 14 minutes ago Why doesn’t he just say this to the people in charge of this, in CO? Make a phone call and say that to them? Seems like theater. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 hours ago Help is coming for Tina, President Trump is getting her out if he has to break in himself to rescue her. permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago Prisoner Exchange. Tina Peters for Hitlary. permalink Lady_MaGa 1 points 53 minutes ago Hardly the fair exchange there. permalink MarshallB 1 points 34 minutes ago Just adjust for the fact Hitlary isn't actually in Prison - Yet. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 0 points 1 hour ago OK, but why Trump pivoted from promises to uncover the Dem pedo ring? Is he involved in any way? permalink Taupkek 1 points 1 hour ago That's the silliest comment I've read all year. permalink UltraFrogMan -2 points 2 hours ago Hes gonna pardon her permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 5 points 2 hours ago Federal pardons issued by the president apply only to federal offenses; they do not apply to state or local offenses or to private civil lawsuits. Pardons for state crimes are handled by governors or a state pardon board. What he can do is go after state officials for various federal crimes, withhold funding and shake the state up. I am sure he can dream up all sorts of punishment. permalink MarshallB 1 points 1 hour ago Hit Colorado with an immediate 250% Tyranny Tariff. permalink Apersonofinterest 5 points 2 hours ago Can't. State charges. Trump can only pardon federal charges. permalink Prandogolio 3 points 1 hour ago He should pardon her anyway permalink Keep_on_winning_kag -3 points 2 hours ago How about you just pardon her? permalink CSIS_CIA_pure-evil 8 points 2 hours ago Federal pardons issued by the president apply only to federal offenses; they do not apply to state or local offenses or to private civil lawsuits. Pardons for state crimes are handled by governors or a state pardon board. permalink RationalThought 2 points 2 hours ago It was State charges. permalink HoodooOperator 1 points 41 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Obsessedcowpuss 1 points 40 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 792 TRUMP: FREE TINA PETERS... posted 2 hours ago by Looniz74 PRO 114 comments