1446 Tulsi Gabbard: The UK has agreed to drop its mandate for Apple to provide a "back door" that would have enabled access to the protected encrypted data of American citizens and encroached on our civil liberties. posted 15 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 126 comments 126 comments Boomstikchik 96 points 14 hours ago Did someone bring King George back to life? Cuz the business of Americans is no business of the UK. permalink Cuetardian 66 points 14 hours ago Charles is way worse. He's selling out his own country, not just ours. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 47 points 13 hours ago The UK is a dystopian hellhole that I will never set foot in, just like Canada, Australia, NZ. Until their citizens can overthrow their WEF communist overlords, those countries are no-go zones for conservative straight white males. Imagine going to prison for saying "I don't like illegal immigrants in my country" permalink canada_is_communist 13 points 8 hours ago Canada Canadian here. You literally have no idea how bad is it. I was locked in my own house for EIGHT MONTHS because muh flu. EIGHT. MONTHS. LOCKED. INSIDE. Enforced by goons with guns and that would/show up to your place/spy on you. Canada is pure garbage. I'd rather live in Commifornia. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 12 points 11 hours ago Look at how demoralized they are: their males are currently celebrating that they discovered flying their own people’s flag is irritating their abusers. permalink Worldtraveler0405 7 points 8 hours ago Liverpool is alright though. The Scousers don't like Downing Street, Westminster and Windsor's that much. Just like the Americans. permalink EvilGreed209 5 points 6 hours ago At that point its no longer your country, and not far from get in the fucking boxcar :gunshots: permalink TexasRepublic 20 points 13 hours ago He is technically the head of the Anglican Church, and yet celebrates Islam. "He will render to each one according to his works... For God shows no partiality." - Romans 2: 6, 11 permalink Tacitus1963 10 points 12 hours ago William, his successor, has already said that he is uncomfortable with Christianity and doesn't want to be head of the Anglican Church. Both he and Charles are solidly WEF. permalink BidenShowerDrool 7 points 9 hours ago Sharia is coming to the U.K inside of the next 20 years. They already have Sharia courts for marital disputes and divorces much like how the Jews have Rabbinical courts in the U.S. permalink view 1 more comments... Long_time_lurker 2 points 12 hours ago I'm waiting for him to declare himself the head of the UK caliphate, not unlike what one of his predecessors did. permalink Sumar0ngi 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink F_the_Admin_State 14 points 13 hours ago The only thing an Englishman enjoys more than tea and crumpets is a good ass fucking by their own government. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 13 hours ago In the UK it's like a competition to see who can comply the best permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 3 points 9 hours ago That's arse fucking to you, bigot! permalink Cheesemaker 11 points 14 hours ago Isn't that what those no kings protest were about? permalink BlackPilledMAGA 9 points 11 hours ago She says this deal protects the encrypted data of American citizens, what about UK citizens? This doesn't say that Apple won't build in back door access only that supposedly American citizen's data won't be shared. Smells like bullshit and what the fuck is up with the UK demanding an American company give them access to American citizens personal records as a condition of doing business? The correct answer wouldn't be negotiations, it would be to cancel all trade and diplomatic relations with the UK, exit the UN and NATO with the understanding that as long as the UK remains enrolled the USA will never come back to the table. No aid, no trade, nothing. Who the hell do they think they are? permalink VienneseSunrise 5 points 9 hours ago It's the DNI saying this. What she's protecting is US Intelligence supremacy. There's still a backdoor; it's just that only the NSA et al. have the key. No key for Mi5/6 permalink HocusLocus 1 points 45 minutes ago STILL WAITING for an announcement concerning Five Eyes (FVEY). permalink MrCuriousGuy513 2 points 11 hours ago There’s an argument that he never left. Half of our current problems in modern day American are because of certain elements in the UK, around London specifically, were grifting off us financially and militarily. Example, Oil futures contracts prices were not being priced at the actual cost of digging/finding the oil but being settled in London at arbitrary prices there. So, if you wonder why oil prices don’t come down quickly, look who has the benefit of that not happening, grifters in London. Another current example, 2020 can be looked at a British silencing campaign. Meaning, during or prior the steal, our crazy government teamed up with The British to silence in dispute about the rigging and stealing of election. We thought we had Free Speech but we had The British occupation again. There’s also a theory, I say theory because it hasn’t been totally proven yet but it’s worth considering, that Israel issues are puppets of The British too. After all, The British stand to profit from chaos. Now the best example of this, if not Israel, it would be The British’s backdoor deal in Ukraine. More to the point, they’ve invested Billions in Ukraine and stand to lose it all. I actually have to go back to the podcast to figure out the exact much, but The Crown is backer of last resort if their banking system fails. So invested that much money in a losing war is not beneficial to them, notice how the Prime Minister, The Cuck, wanted to put certain forces their that would trigger an event of our involvement to then fight Russia. With that all said, President Trump stomp on the dreams of the Prime Minister. Also with Ukraine, The UK had a secret Raw Minerals deal that was going to pay them back but Trump forced his deal on Zelenskyy at very interesting timing, meaning someone tipped him off about the deal and he inserted his deal instead. So yes, we keep dealing with old dead Shenanigans that makes you go: Hmmmmmmmm. Let’s not talk about how weird it’s been for us, just for a common sense standpoint, we had computer chips stationed in Taiwan, where it’s the biggest single point of failure that could occur. I would love to explore who thought that was a good idea. I’ll end it this way, a country doesn’t have to be conquered by masculine might at times. A country can be conquered by feminine might too, which entails of gaslighting and manipulation of information for certain reasons. Oh I did forget how The British, The City of London’s biggest grift was off being the exchange medium of US money, making it easier for foreigners to get cheap us money to by US goods, thus causing inflation in America. Meaning, the printing press was not The Fed in America, it was The Printing Press outside of America that’s been the whole problem. I know it’s a lot. permalink canada_is_communist 2 points 8 hours ago (( )) permalink AstroLonghorn 24 points 14 hours ago That is nuts they wanted to do that to our phones. It’s enough our own government does it, but fuck the British. They need to remember the country that kicked their ass twice and saved em from 2 global conflicts permalink DeepFrozenOcean 8 points 14 hours ago The UK just wanted an iCloud backdoor, not specifically to US citizens. permalink Cheesemaker 16 points 13 hours ago Exactly. They want a backdoor to EVERYONE. However, my own priorities (and many of the people on here) care about US citizens first and foremost. permalink IlhansBrother 6 points 12 hours ago We need to outlaw negotiating and downgrading US products because of blackmail from soon to be muslim countries permalink McFatty7 4 points 8 hours ago Once you have a backdoor at all , other (oppressive) governments can cooperate with the UK government, and hide how they got your data behind the cover of "National security sources". permalink Cheesemaker 2 points 1 hour ago US intelligence agencies: "We didn't illegally spy on US citizens. UK spied and gave us all the information". It's an end-around to spy on US citizens. permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 6 hours ago Uk is so weak and meaningless u.s. street gangs with guns would take them out. What are they at 50k soldiers lot of them women... they been purposely whiddled away so they can let the Arab African barbarian horde savage them and take the west from within..non stop boats of soldiers from the middle east while UK cucks have no kids even hellen kellers corpse sees before 2030 arabs will take them out. permalink Johnkimble111 1 points 5 hours ago The US didn’t actually enter WW2 until after the UK had successfully stopped Hitler from invading. During that time the US merely sold the U.K. some hopelessly outdated weapons at inflated prices. permalink AstroLonghorn 1 points 2 hours ago We still saved their asses. In December ‘41 once America joined, Germany had massive dominance of Europe. The tide started turning shortly after that thanks to Russian winter. I’m actually convinced if Hitler didn’t invade Russia and been patient, he could’ve taken Britain in pretty much a reverse D-day. I know the RAF stopped him in ‘40, but all that manpower they threw at the Soviet side could’ve been much too overwhelming had he continued. The dude just really hated Stalin lol permalink The-Harbinger 19 points 14 hours ago Yeah but... Apple created one anyway sooooo..... permalink staroframphansbhole 8 points 14 hours ago No they didn’t, literally read what she wrote and re-read it again to make sure you understand permalink borisborscht 18 points 14 hours ago They are already searching your icloud for "illegal pornography" and have been doing so for years. They may run into other files while poking around. permalink RonPaulWasRight 2 points 5 hours ago All of the cloud providers do this. permalink humble_kekistani 2 points 6 hours ago Sure, don’t consider what you literally upload onto apple’s server “private” What’s private is what is physically on your device in your pocket, behind a passcode permalink staroframphansbhole 1 points 4 hours ago Bruh go read what Advanced Data Protection/end-to-end encryption is and come back to talk when you understand it permalink dunkeaters 0 points 13 hours ago A private company has every right to scan the data you store with them, especially for illegal content. If you don't like the TOS you can choose another company. That is a night and day difference from a government forcing the company to provide it access. permalink preferredfault 5 points 12 hours ago How do you think all those celebrity nudes got leaked. How do you think that one terrorist's phone got unlocked. The FBI put pressure on Apple, Apple pretended to refuse, and then magically the FBI decrypted the phone on its own. But it was just all for show. Apple has a backdoor to all their stuff, they just don't want people to know because they know it will hurt business. And do you think China doesn't bully Apple into giving them a backdoor? All China ever had to do was say "No? OK, we're taking over Apple factories and selling the product as a knock off". So Apple is definitely doing China's business for them, because Apple would cease to exist as a company if they didn't, there's nowhere else they can make their phones, and even if they could, they'd never get an operation off the ground before they went bankrupt. permalink view 2 more comments... flashersenpai 4 points 12 hours ago they can't credibly claim to protect user privacy if they are scanning the data using backends that aren't publicly auditable permalink Lulzokbro 4 points 10 hours ago Oh yes "muh private company can do whatever it wants". Will you say that when their TOS says they can shoot you for criticizing communism? permalink BewareOfThePug 1 points 6 hours ago Your phone backs up most things to the cloud without you realising. The backdoor could be a command to: "backup to cloud, unencrypted" permalink WhitePowerRanger -4 points 13 hours ago I mean. Good. Fuck child predators. Rights are for people, not animals Edit. They don’t send your data to the NSA, an AI just scans it and no human sees anything. Wow lots of child predators here today. Fags permalink joggin_noggin 4 points 13 hours ago There are better ways to put a 30 cent hole through the skull of a child molester than to send copies of my data to advertisers and the NSA just in case. permalink yodayoda 3 points 13 hours ago the point is, they violate the rights of people in pursuit of animals. permalink view 2 more comments... The-Harbinger 1 points 13 hours ago Is says they agreed to drop the mandate. It doesn't say anything about Apple not creating a decryption key for this use anyway... because they literally did, and it's not the first time either. They provided a decryption key to the FBI in 2016 and heavily denied it then too. The alternative to them giving the FBI the decryption key is actually worse, because if they're telling the truth and actually didn't provide the key, that means a 24 year old at a San Benidino cell phone repair shop was able ro crack Apple's encryption. But to the subject at hand, yes, Apple created a decryption for the UK, but they did not give it to them, and now they don't have too. So go read it a third time. permalink staroframphansbhole 1 points 4 hours ago It doesn't say anything about Apple not creating a decryption key for this use anyway... because they literally did, and it's not the first time either. You can't provide a decryption key for an encryption key you don't have, that's the definition of end-to-end encryption with user-held keys which is what Advanced Data Protection is which is what the UK was so butthurt about. They provided a decryption key to the FBI in 2016 and heavily denied it then too Apple didn't offer E2EE in 2016 and the data was on the phone, not in the cloud. Apple didn't give a decryption key to the FBI because they don't have one because that's not how their device encryption works. The FBI paid the Israeli hacking firm NSO Group to break into the phone. that means a 24 year old at a San Benidino cell phone repair shop was able ro crack Apple's encryption I'm not sure what's more ridiculous: That you believe that or that you think you can trust whatever media source told you that but you can't trust Apple. yes, Apple created a decryption for the UK No. they didn't. If you don't have ADP (E2EE) enabled and the cops serve Apple a warrant, they can access your data, that's how cloud search warrants have always worked. If you have ADP on and the cops serve Apple a warrant, there's nothing they can do because Apple can't access the data. Apple disabled new users from enabled ADP as a workaround for the UK mandate and while fighting it in their secret court. Thankfully Trump's team became aware of it and told them to stop. So go read it a third time How about you understand history and encryption and law before running your mouth about it dawg? permalink TexasRepublic 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink DeepFrozenOcean 13 points 14 hours ago This only happened after Apple refused to add the backdoor and said fuck selling phones to the UK. The 1984ing of England will never end. Big Brother is watching CCTV on every street. Better get a loicence for that butter knoif, and state-run television. Don't ever have improper discussions or they'll send you to reeducation. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 13 hours ago You will serve HARD PRISON TIME for making a tweet that offends the ruling class. Fucking insanity permalink canada_is_communist 5 points 8 hours ago You won't for opering a child sex ring however permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 6 hours ago That alone tells you they are nothing more than animal slaves now. They see them as weak cowards they tested the waters once the whole public knew Pakistani rape gangs were feasting on their kids raping in way to school and their cops covered it up and they didn't do shit about it they knew these people will take anything and bend over. permalink FuckReddit4545 10 points 14 hours ago So they say... permalink drmrboy 9 points 14 hours ago What about Android? 🤔 permalink The-Harbinger 13 points 14 hours ago I can answer that. iOS is a mobile operating system exclusive to Apple, so only one device uses it. Android is a derivative of Linux and part of the open source project. This means it's source code can be used my multiple mobile device manufactures to create custom OS's for their specific brands. That's why Samsung, LG, Motorola, Google Pixel etc. can all use Android, and they all look a little different. Samsung, for example, uses "OneUI" as their Android OS version. Now, for data security. Since each manufacturer can create their own version of Andriod, they can also also create their own encryption and security protocols, or partner with an existing firm. Using Samsung as and example again, uses "Knox" to encrypt users data. This open source software diversity means that each individual company that manufactures cell phones that utilize a version of the Android OS would have to have their own agreement with the UK and US governments. There's also some legalities involving Samsung owning Knox, but being registered as two seperate entites, but I'm not a lawyer, so I can't comment on that. What I am is somone educated on Cybersecurity. permalink preferredfault 4 points 11 hours ago The backdoors usually come from hardware, not software exclusively. But Android is far from safe. Let's keep in mind that a few years back it was finally revealed that there was a kernel level backdoor in Linux that existed since its creation, meaning Linux was NEVER secure from the beginning, not for a single moment, for decades. Of course one could say "well no one knew, so it was secure". Except that's really not how it goes down. Most of the long time exploits we see being patched, are actually just the government patching them after they're done with them or because they want to make sure others can't use them when they see they've figured it out. Just look how it went a few years back when Stuxnet got out and started worming its way through worldwide machines, along with that one Israeli based phone hack where just by calling a phone they could install a backdoor, and the FBI later randomly recommended that people restart their phones, but didn't really say why, but it was obvious it was because of this Israeli hack. They basically had to inoculate machines all across the world, and they ironically, used backdoors to do it. A lot of shit we see when it comes to security issues, are just governments doing broad sweeping operations, then cleaning up their mess after, and sometimes that mess isn't so easy to clean up. I'd also think the whole Israeli hack was a problem for the government too because it basically acted as its own firewall, because once it took control of the phone, it wouldn't let go until a reboot, and if you never rebooted, well then if the government wanted to put its own backdoor in, the Israeli virus wouldn't allow it. And of course another problem with the Israeli virus was that it was causing issues with devices too, like excess energy usage, unplanned compounding errors with the internal instruments like accelerometer, etc. It presented itself soo strongly because most people never really reboot their phones, going years without rebooting them, but that also means once the backdoor is in, it's open pretty much indefinitely. permalink Zyxl 2 points 3 hours ago Can you tell me more about that kernel level backdoor in Linux since its early days? The closest I could find is this: https://www.wired.com/2016/01/hack-brief-years-old-linux-bug/ permalink preferredfault 1 points 8 minutes ago It was in an article I read probably within the last year, 6 months even, but it was more recent than 2016. But there are plenty of other examples of long term exploits in linux that existed for over 20 years. A good example: Sudo “Baron Samedit” bug (CVE-2021-3156). You might want to get lost in the weeds, but the point is that they essentially meant these systems were wide open, and just like in the early days of Microsoft, the government was already essentially designing these systems to have backdoors for the government. Why do you think Bill Gates got such backing and rose up soo quickly, especially after essentially stealing the company from another guy. You do the government's bidding, you get preferential treatment. That's why Bill Gates went to Epstein's island without a care in the world, he knows he has the goods on the government that he's basically untouchable, because he fully cooperated with them. Now apply the same to the maintainers of Linux as it was built up. Only takes a few government agents to essentially corral the whole thing and introduce backdoors and keep them hidden. I'm sure there's a department in DARPA that is devoted to just that, to creating exploits that are so cleverly crafted that it takes 10-20 years to find them, and not necessarily introduced all at once. You get a little code in here, a little code in later, they start playing together to get the results you want. The fact is, there's absolutely zero chance that this isn't the case, because to believe that would be to believe we live in a society where the government doesn't want backdoors, even though the government literally has not only admitted to wanting backdoors, but having them. Again, we can call back to the FBI who basically lambasted HTTPS as a problem because encryption gets in the way of their ability to spy. But I'd say most of this is just for show, to give the illusion that people having security is a problem for them, to hide that data privacy doesn't really exist. It's all about lulling people into a false sense of security. And all those backdoors China built into hardware, you better damn well believe the US government is using that too. Hell its the perfect scenario for them, complete deniability, didn't even have to create it, free use of it. It's important to focus on what they're not saying, rather than what they are saying. For example quantum computers. We hear a lot about them, but what do you think it would take for the government to create a whole building full of these prototype machines and put them to work? Why wouldn't they do that? And the answer is obvious: Of course they're doing it. We already live in a quantum computing age, the government just wants it first, and so it will be slow dripped to the populace while the government gets to fully leverage it for decades. There's almost nothing we get that the government didn't already exploit itself long before we actually got it. permalink SirBuzzKillingtonVI 8 points 14 hours ago Use GrapheneOS. permalink borisborscht 5 points 14 hours ago fuck yeah permalink Txiribiton 4 points 8 hours ago With Covid "vaccines" Apple and Google chose who could talk about it and removed legit studies from people's cloud storage that showed the government was lying. No arrests, no consequences, nothing happened. permalink staroframphansbhole 2 points 14 hours ago You think anything you do with Google was ever private? permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 13 hours ago They got rid of their slogan "Don't be evil." So one must assume they are now evil permalink MyDadLikedBiden 3 points 7 hours ago It ought to have been “don’t be evil yet.” permalink keeman 8 points 14 hours ago So that NSA datacenter that sweeps up all our metadata? Gonna sell that for scrap or are we not really serious about this privacy shit? permalink HoganP 6 points 13 hours ago We need to hold American companies to American standards. If these savages in Europe want to put an iron curtain around themselves and demand something contrary to that, they are free to block those sites. Don't want free speech and privacy in your country? Feel free to wall yourself off from the free world and put it right in the faces of your citizens and reap the consequences. Enough of this bullshit where American companies are expected to capitulate to foreign tyranny. Worse, that the commies within those companies are all too happy to accommodate it, using it as an excuse for pushing it here. Enough. permalink hillaryforprison 6 points 12 hours ago I'm annoyed how much private data companies steal under the guise that they are "protecting your identity". Also, companies that barcode scan your ID and insert into their database your height, weight, eye color, address, DL#, DOB, etc. and use it against you or sell it to others, but they just pretend they're only checking your age. Someone needs to crack down on this. permalink Mr_Rightside OP 5 points 15 hours ago https://x.com/DNIGabbard/status/1957623737232007638 permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 4 points 13 hours ago Considering all the other anti-privacy, anti-speech nonsense the UK and the EU want to implement, this seems like its next to nothing. One of Trump’s conditions to the totalitarian fucks visiting the WH today should’ve been to drop all that bullshit. permalink KennyKetchem 4 points 14 hours ago They put baby on a list and now she is going after Barack's little censorship deal with the UN. permalink TenaciousDT 1 points 14 hours ago For some reason this cracks me up so much, because I would totally refer to Tulsi as baby, since I think shes so fine. permalink Urusovite 3 points 12 hours ago Thank you, Tulsi. This is just a straight win. Nothing more to it. permalink Wascally 3 points 12 hours ago British Telecom already has the backdoor - its just that they want Apple to make it as part of their TOS so that users are forced to hand over their account access "voluntarilly". permalink TellMeBoutIt 3 points 13 hours ago Ok but the FBI and other intel agencies have had this for years. The fuck is this supposed to be, some kind of W? permalink Flptplt 3 points 9 hours ago Not a victory at all. Not even sure why we would consider this remotely a victory. We should demand that our Western European allies have complete freedom of speech. If they don't, there should be other measures taken against them. Currently, the reason why the British don't have freedom of speech, is because they're noticing that foreigners are ruining their Nation. permalink flabbergast 3 points 12 hours ago So only access to that back door for the Usual suspects not the UK got it. permalink Overtaxed 2 points 5 hours ago Probably because there's already one there for us they can use,. permalink EvilGreed209 2 points 6 hours ago Only a devil who wishes to control and rob people would even ask for that uk is not our friend fuck them. First to go will be the British white man by its own new demonic leader Charles who looks at his own people like slaves as he replaces them with Arab mongoloids. permalink FusionBlack 2 points 5 hours ago The UK has been conquered with the help of of its own leaders by opening the gates to the hordes of scum that have already pillaged thier own countries. They have committed suicide and if Trump didn't get back into office the same could be said about the states. permalink DagneyTaggart 2 points 6 hours ago Apple’s only back door is to communists of its choosing. Evidently not UK communists. permalink Lower 2 points 14 hours ago So now Apple will just do it under the table. permalink staroframphansbhole 1 points 14 hours ago No they won’t permalink YouAreIgnorant 2 points 4 hours ago Does she know? Do you know? The way they spy on people in NATO countries is they do it for each other. So if its illegal to spy on you they have Brits, or Canadians do it for National Security and Vice Versa. permalink BTWiuseArch25 2 points 12 hours ago The fact that the US had to ask for a back door removal for a device is insane. Remote backdoor was once a tin foil hat conspiracy theory but now the US has to ask for it to be removed is insane. permalink SquirreleeDan 1 points 4 hours ago make no mistake europe has already fallen, they are past saving permalink djpat 1 points 12 hours ago Im more worried about them trying to censor 4chins than im worried about iFags. permalink IlhansBrother 1 points 12 hours ago We need to defend * US companies from these weaselly Sharia countries blackmailing them in private. The muslims running the UK did this in private because they know even their hostages citizens would complain permalink Gnometard 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah, it's just for China to have that back door! I mean, they did seed the communist revolution, along with the soviets, in the west... that we ignore... and that many lack the self awareness to realize they're programmed into participating permalink SparkleMTN 1 points 5 hours ago I'm sure Tim Apple is stoked. permalink pamba 1 points 2 hours ago If the GOV ever asks permission to do something, chances are they already are doing it. permalink Monsterouspoop 1 points 5 hours ago China already has apples backdoor permalink kwakkles 1 points 6 hours ago Taxer King George III and the British Parliament imposed a series of taxes on the American colonies. permalink BillSkinzFifth 1 points 14 hours ago No do the U.S. government... permalink PeregrineFalcon 1 points 13 hours ago We should find the lead official at OfCom and impale them as warning to others. permalink SoulSurvivor 1 points 7 hours ago You're very naive if you think your precious apple phone doesn't already have a back door...Access is built in on the hardware layer like the Clipper Chip. No way around it. The illusion of security for sheeple. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 8 hours ago Let's talk about their M1+ laptops. They are a flawless design security wise. Allowing a backdoor would instantly force the entire industry to run the devices thru a shredder. permalink South_Florida_Guy 1 points 8 hours ago Retarded idiots that think up shit like that have no idea how the technology works or have any clue about what encryption is. There is no "back door" that apple magically has to see through the encryption into people's data or else there would be no point in it. It's the same as them passing anti gun laws with zero knowledge or experience with guns. permalink MAGA9428 1 points 13 hours ago If there is any country I would support forcible regime change in... Its the UK. permalink IvIA6A 1 points 11 hours ago It's still there I assure you. permalink Mindcrym 1 points 13 hours ago Fuck the UK. Conquered by goat fuckers and self-hating white libtards. permalink Krat 1 points 11 hours ago And when they do it anyways ? permalink MocksFordComma 1 points 13 hours ago End this “five eyes” bullshit. permalink Liberalism_is_mental 1 points 11 hours ago Liberal establishment Brits just love to "backdoor" their citizens ever chance they get. permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 10 hours ago ADP still isn't available in the UK. Is this set to change? permalink Nick-Kerr 1 points 28 minutes ago Soooooo.... Just apple? Google (android) already gave the UK access? permalink ecto_coolest 1 points 13 hours ago I’d open her back door permalink ChickenStrips 1 points 12 hours ago 1776 - go away. permalink yodayoda 1 points 13 hours ago if it's one thing the UK likes, it's "back door." permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 6 hours ago Democrats would have welcomed this and then demanded UK share all that inside knowledge. It's how they spied on Trump anyway. permalink canada_is_communist 1 points 8 hours ago How is that a victory? They just slightly reduced the tyranny. Apple should tell UK to get bent and slightly leave that market. permalink Wexit-Delecto 1 points 3 hours ago Let’s all pretend NSA/CIA/MI6 etc. don’t already have the backdoors to all commonly used encryption. permalink LetFreedomRing 1 points 14 hours ago Only the US can spy on us! permalink IPMang 1 points 11 hours ago Other countries around the world.... Your country is letting them permalink Klaus73 1 points 11 hours ago "We agreed to get rid of the backdoor" wink wink permalink CaJuN-Polak 1 points 6 hours ago No, they didn't. They found another way to do it and didn't want to announce to the world they were going through with their plan. permalink mean_mission 1 points 8 hours ago now do Chat Control permalink schiff_for_brains 1 points 7 hours ago They can already gain accept with a text message. Or was that exploit fixed? permalink BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 8 hours ago The UK is seriously a dystopian hell hole. permalink JillStein 0 points 2 hours ago This means the US has agreed to provide the UK access to its own backdoor into apple devices permalink Zyxl 0 points 3 hours ago Well if the DNI says so, it must be true guys! This makes me think they definitely put a backdoor in that both the UK and US will have access to. permalink Choppermagic 0 points 14 hours ago Tulsi still doing work permalink vote_for_MAGA_2020 1 points 8 hours ago She's not doing shit permalink ProtestantPatriot 0 points 14 hours ago Uk, that’s what happens when you serve the biblical antichrist and didn’t break free from her like PROTESTANT COLUMBIA! Fuck all you faggots, the woman taken into the wilderness will prevail! permalink 1446 Tulsi Gabbard: The UK has agreed to drop its mandate for Apple to provide a "back door" that would have enabled access to the protected encrypted data of American citizens and encroached on our civil liberties. posted 15 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 126 comments ×