886 MSNOW 🤡🌎 HONK HONK 🌎🤡 posted 4 hours ago by Trick 41 comments 41 comments thebeercules 43 points 4 hours ago Miserable Shit No One Watches! permalink South_Florida_Guy 11 points 3 hours ago Menstruating Shitty Nasty Old Women permalink BarronVonSaltzburg26 1 points 36 minutes ago That pig is too Colonizer colored permalink BlackCrimesMatter 7 points 3 hours ago The logo looks more like PMS Now. permalink barwhack 2 points 3 hours ago I was mulling: Micro Soft New Order of the World Menstrual Suffering Nevilles Of Wankerville Mental Sacks Naked Over Woke Muslim Site Now Offering Waifs Multi Stank Nuffin Ofal Wretches Menstruating Shitty Nasty Old Women Magic Stuff No One Wishes ... Miserable Shit No One Watches It's perfect. So branded. Honorable mentions: MS NO BS NOW MS13NOW PMSNOW permalink thebeercules 2 points 2 hours ago I can't take credit for it, I saw it on Gutfeld! last night :P permalink barwhack 1 points 2 hours ago Then you win the Meme Warrior Award, anyway. 🏅 permalink Flataxandmaga 1 points 52 minutes ago My Stupid Neighbor On Weed....Example- where the hell did you hear that bullshit from? Answer- My stupid neighbor on weed. permalink Sgt_Hulka 16 points 4 hours ago When Gates got his own network, we all should have known it was going to be pure propaganda. Amazing how a college dropout has become a billionaire expert in population control (I mean vaccines, chemicals and propaganda) permalink War_Hamster 4 points 3 hours ago It helps when you father was on the board for eugenics org Planned Parenthood. permalink snoopy3210 2 points 2 hours ago What was his formula? CO2=Population X Activity ?? Therefor reduce the population and activity to “save” the planet. I say reduce Gates to save the planet 🌎 permalink LandscaperJuan 16 points 4 hours ago MS NO permalink barwhack 1 points 2 hours ago Under-rated sally. Hemminwesque brevity. permalink Gunmolester 11 points 4 hours ago more like BS NOW permalink throwaway777b 9 points 3 hours ago The bigger picture no one is seeing, is that the MSNBC brand is so toxic, that it's killing the parent Brand of just NBC. NBC probably forced this on MSNBC, because the association does more damage to NBC than it helps the causes they care about. An unprofitable NBC can't engage in culture wars when it can't make money and stopped getting un-earned USAID. permalink bigleaguetrump 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly, imagine if Fox News dropped Fox from their name. The MSM would be talking about how the network Fox was ashamed of having their name associated with them. permalink barwhack 1 points 1 hour ago Then they'd just be named "Lies"... permalink spezisacuckold 2 points 40 minutes ago It’s pronounced “faux” permalink notsuicidalatall 1 points 3 hours ago In my eyes NBC didn't need MSnbc to sour it with most conservatives. Look at their lineup, shows like New Amsterdam where they had a story line about enabling a minor to get gender changing surgery. It was all about telling the parents they were wrong to fight it. Don't be fooled by then name change. Notice "Opinion" in the new name. This is more their way to categorize their propaganda as opinion as not to get in hot water with more lawsuits from President Trump. Just my 2cents. permalink BirthHole 1 points 21 minutes ago Yes. It's part of the overall pivot of corporate media back to the appearance of being impartial. 60 thru 80's style news coverage. permalink philasoma 9 points 4 hours ago Just use a picture of Rachel Maddow. Same thing. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 7 points 4 hours ago MS MadCOW. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 8 points 4 hours ago PMS Now. permalink Imightbeprotonbill 8 points 3 hours ago MS13NOW permalink YodaBannon 5 points 4 hours ago ignore them, fuck permalink grannylovestrump 3 points 4 hours ago lol the most awesome meme of the day hahahahahaha permalink knnbccb 3 points 3 hours ago The new logo looks like shit. At least the peacock tail was iconic. permalink Greeny 2 points 3 hours ago They were already rebranded to MSDNC permalink RBFace 2 points 2 hours ago They should have changed it to MS13NOW permalink cherbui 2 points 3 hours ago I had no idea they are MS-13 News media, then again ... they are evil permalink TruculentGoose 2 points 3 hours ago Trust in news media in the 80s was at 76%, in 2016 it fell to 18%, I can only imagine what it is now. permalink barwhack 2 points 2 hours ago Negative. As in: if they say it, something opposing is likely being covered up. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 3 hours ago None the producers deserve to continue in broadcasting. The shame on us is that no one was arrested for pushing the lie that was the stolen election of 2020. No, they just get rebrand with more lies on top of more lies and are getting dark money somehow funneled through the underbelly of the DNC beast. The dark money is more concerning now more than ever because this is what they do with it....rebrand. permalink Kermit 1 points 2 hours ago Lot of strange things happening with Liberal talking-heads just after the demise of USAID. I'm sure it's not related. permalink MEME-SUPREME 1 points 2 hours ago PMS NOW permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 2 hours ago MS Now sounds like a multiple sclerosis charity permalink preferredfault 1 points 3 hours ago It's not even a good name change. But really isn't just a symptom that these companies aren't actually news companies, they're just mouthpieces. No one who actually cared about viewer and profits would actually do half the stuff they've done, and especially not this retarded generic name change. It's just another sign that they don't need to care about these things because they're entirely astroturfed. Fake news, fake viewers, fake funding. permalink PhilipeNegro 1 points 2 hours ago Art style: humanistic, organic, nuanced Labeling: kept to a minimum Background: stark, to focus you on the concept 10/10 editorial illustration. As I write this, Ben Garrison is individually labeling the turds in his toilet so the septic tank knows what they are. permalink PhantomShield72 1 points 2 hours ago MS SOW permalink DragonKP 1 points 2 hours ago More Shit Now permalink cross_bearer_02 1 points 1 hour ago MSNOPE permalink 886 MSNOW 🤡🌎 HONK HONK 🌎🤡 posted 4 hours ago by Trick 41 comments ×