634 This... and CNN chosing THAT DAY to be there after years of refusal... I STILL GET PISSED. 🚨 LOCK THEM UP 🚨 posted 8 hours ago by weltallic 26 comments 26 comments IM_A_TRIVIAL_PURSUIT 28 points 7 hours ago NOT ONLY THAT, THEY ALSO HAD THAT $ BILLION BET CANCELLED AND THE MONEY 'GIVEN BACK'. IF THE ASSASSINATION HADE BEEN SUCCESSFUL AND TRUMP BUSINESSES TANKED, THEY WOULD HAVE RECEIVED MULTIPLE BILLIONS BECAUSE IT WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE . IF YOU OR I MADE A $10,000 BET ON THE STOCK MARKET, AND LOST, DOES ANYONE ON EARTH BELIEVE THAT ALL WE WOULD HAVE TO SAY IS 'IT WAS A MISTAKE' TO GET OUR MONEY BACK? WHOMEVER MADE THAT BET KNEW THAT THE ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT WAS IN PLAY. permalink lifeisahologram 7 points 4 hours ago Pretty sure it was over a weekend when the market was closed. Not that I don’t believe they would have kept the moves in play had it been successful, and someone knew something, but anyone can cancel pending orders over a weekend/outside of market hours. permalink CheekyHawk 5 points 2 hours ago You mean to tell me the bankers who did jfk and 9/11 and bet on both ahead of time tried to do it again and then forgave themselves? No way! permalink lifeisahologram 1 points 54 minutes ago Yeah. I’m only addressing the guys claim about “getting their money back” Sure they are lying it was a mistake. But everyone, even a homeless guy nobody knows, using $10 he scrounged up from another homeless guys asshole, could have gotten his money back placing the same bet under the same circumstances. Or more accurately no money would be spent until the market opened. There is no reason manipulate the truth to make it more nefarious than it already was permalink Oback_Barama 4 points 3 hours ago Don’t forget Nikki “bird brain” Haley “changed her mind” and decided to actually attend the RNC a couple of hours before the trigger was pulled. permalink phro 3 points 3 hours ago In some dark timeline America is choosing between two retarded Indian women for president. permalink Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 2 hours ago In some dark timeline America is choosing between two retarded Indian women for president. How bright is one we're on right now? I'm always wearing shades... permalink tiburon97 1 points 1 hour ago You think Elizabeth Warren will be the Democrats' nominee in the future? permalink Choppermagic 2 points 2 hours ago "Mark my words" Nikki permalink IAmTheScience 3 points 4 hours ago Umm source on any of this? permalink Hammond 2 points 3 hours ago I did a quick search on PDW and found a few posts https://patriots.win/p/17teNr2PrT/breaking-a-texas-investment-firm/c and https://patriots.win/p/17teNtIO5Z/investment-firm-denies-shorting-/c or https://patriots.win/p/17teSVSF7s/investment-firm-that-allegedly-p/c permalink NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 3 hours ago Posts from retards repeating, other retard shit. The actual contract intent was for 12,000 put contract contracts. It was clerically put down as a report of 120,000. NOTHING HAPPENED. permalink NowTheyAllLose 3 points 2 hours ago Yeah, that's right! You take that official story deeeeeep into the back of your throat! HRRRRRNNNNNGGGHHHHHH permalink chahn1138 1 points 4 hours ago That is as DARK as the secret looting of the Silicon Valley Bank. Utterly Demoralizing! I Pray for the Signal! permalink mailinvoter 7 points 4 hours ago We always move on. Always. Nothing ever gets fixed because the sheep won't stand up to their "leaders". They'll tell you they can concentrate on more than one thing, but that is, and always will be, a lie. For the forgetful, what Big Thing happened just a month ago that is rarely talked about now? Hint: Rhymes with Epstein. https://patriots.win/p/19BZz1gCVW/not-your-typical-maga-supporter-/c/ permalink NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 3 hours ago In this case because it’s complete fucking bullshit. The actual scenario was a contract for 1200 puts on Trump stock. Which of the time was around $50,000 or so. It was reported to the SEC that it was 120,000 contracts, that was just the report. The report had a typo. The actual purchase was for 12,000. If the stock had gone to absolute zero, it could’ve been worth a lot of money, but it was basically nothing in reality. And just because if Trump was shot, his stock wouldn’t have gone to zero that’s also retarded. I cannot fucking believe some of you faggots retards keep posting the same bullshit over and over and over. permalink mailinvoter 1 points 2 hours ago Ha, fucking hilarious to have a fucking illiterate retarded faggot calling me the same. Work on your reading comprehension skill and get back to me... Or don't. permalink HeatherSwanson 4 points 4 hours ago Those short positions were held by Bush cronies. No clearing house allows a bet reversal yet they did. The system is rigged for the retail inbetstor permalink NeverInterruptEnemy 0 points 3 hours ago You’re fucking retard. Nothing was reversed. It was a contract for 12,000 puts, it was clerically put down as 120,000. permalink YouAreIgnorant 4 points 4 hours ago If only there was some kind of set of RULES or LAWS that applied to the Rich and Powerful who in 2025 world seemingly can BUY LAWYERS AND JUDGES as easily as you can buy a Slushy. permalink JamesBond007 3 points 4 hours ago The guy with the high speed camera stationed front and center that caught the flight of the bullet should get an FBI questioning on who arranged for him to be there. permalink NeverInterruptEnemy 0 points 3 hours ago Look, proof that the site is full of bots and retard breeder bullshit. Software error, can’t even keep their fake story bullshit straight permalink Imnotnorm 1 points 45 minutes ago Kash told me that all checks out and there's just nothing there. Said the deep state is actually a metaphor for low level street crime permalink TheThreeSeashells 1 points 3 hours ago Side note: If it were me, I would have gone scorched earth on my enemies on day one. I'm still wondering where all the arrests are of any deep state asshole who's done as much as think about spitting on the sidewalk. Fuck the "muh optics." permalink EyesSewnShut 1 points 2 hours ago We always just move on lol. This is such a squish movement. permalink BobSacano 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 634 This... and CNN chosing THAT DAY to be there after years of refusal... I STILL GET PISSED. 🚨 LOCK THEM UP 🚨 posted 8 hours ago by weltallic 26 comments