403 "now attaining the same level of safe-ness as ski resorts and golf clubs, experts baffled" posted 7 hours ago by Business-Socks 19 comments 19 comments canadianhere 23 points 7 hours ago Remember when the prevailing idea was that adding basketball hoops would lower crime, because it meant certain kids would have something to do besides joining a gang? permalink r_u_srs_srsly 9 points 6 hours ago That may not have been wrong Just that now you brought the people who would have joined a gang onto park property with the people who otherwise respect park property, the park had problems. And if you see anything about race in that, I guess that makes you the racist. permalink m0ntsta 2 points 2 hours ago I’m ok with that. Facts are facts. permalink ForceMultiplier 3 points 4 hours ago "Midnight Basketball" was the buzzword. Crammed into the big pork omnibill passed shortly after Bill Clinton won. permalink bigleaguetrump 17 points 6 hours ago No basketball hoops, no basketball Americans permalink AlwaysTrumper2020 12 points 6 hours ago Experts baffled..... permalink Calumet57 7 points 7 hours ago Dashed hoop dreams. permalink CharlieMike 2 points 4 hours ago Since their NBA dreams were dashed, they’ve had to resort to being just doctors and engineers. permalink YOLOSwag_McFartnut 3 points 5 hours ago What ever could it be??? permalink MAGALADON9 3 points 4 hours ago [Insert linkin park lyric here] permalink breathittbill 1 points 4 hours ago Yus all be like ray-it’s or sumting. Bunch of ninja haters permalink Steve56775 1 points 3 hours ago But what will the joggers do now? permalink Twobuck40 1 points 21 minutes ago They need pickleball courts, white boomers seem to love that shit permalink Choppermagic 1 points 2 hours ago Carnival cruise lines figured it out first permalink PatGarrett 1 points 6 minutes ago I was in a game once and there was a dispute between two black dudes. I knew one of them pretty well just through basketball. He was talking all kinds if craziness and started reaching into his bag that was sitting one foot away from me, to what I assume was to grab a gun. I quickly recognized what was happening and calmed him down before he did something stupid. That was the only potentially serious incident that I recall, but we stayed away from the rougher areas for the most part. They really didn’t like when white kids would run the court in their neighborhoods. A simple “win by 2” turns into win by 20 before they accept the loss and even then they only accept it because everyone else waiting to play starts calling them out. Good times. permalink TraitorJoes 1 points 43 minutes ago The blacks from an adjoining town overran our quite city park basketball courts and ran out all the white kids out by threat and violence. After a couple years the city finally took out the BB courts and put in s skate park. I never knew that blacks can't skate until then. permalink Pwrxs 1 points 1 hour ago So it was the basketball hoops committing the crime all along. permalink DJT4MoreYears 1 points 52 minutes ago No more shark attacks at the beach after removing all the chum in the water. Amazing. permalink BobSacano 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 403 "now attaining the same level of safe-ness as ski resorts and golf clubs, experts baffled" posted 7 hours ago by Business-Socks 19 comments ×