699 Milwaukee Hires Convicted Murderer To Lead Violence Prevention Office (notthebee.com) posted 5 hours ago by TateDemarcus 38 comments Milwaukee Hires Convicted Murderer To Lead Violence Prevention Office You want violence prevention, Milwaukee? Well, here you go! notthebee.com 38 comments YodaBannon 29 points 5 hours ago honks permalink redredwine 12 points 5 hours ago It's as Honkler as Janet Yellen as Treasury Secretary. permalink CzechForTrump 2 points 4 hours ago MilWOKEee permalink TheTelltaleFly 18 points 5 hours ago No face tattoos. Not yet Peak Clownworld. Things will get worse. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 5 hours ago What is he a drunk lawyer who was found guilty of vehicular homicide? permalink HairSniffer 1 points 5 hours ago Gang banger. permalink SparkleMTN 17 points 5 hours ago Disagree heavily. You do the crime, you did your time, you deserve your chance at being a citizen again. Is that not what we preach around here? Furthermore, Read what this guy has done and been through: "Procell brings a personal and professional background in re-entry work, programs meant to help those who leave incarceration get back on the right path. As a teenager in Milwaukee, he killed a rival gang member in 1995 and spent over 20 years in prison, he told the Shepherd Express in May." and "Procell] is currently the CEO of Paradigm Shyft, a reentry consulting firm, and told the Journal Sentinel in May that guilt is a key part of why he does the work he does. ... Johnson and Fire Chief Aaron Lipski said Procell's life story made him uniquely qualified for the role." Who better to interact with the community full of rapists, murderers, thieves and degenerates than a democ...i mean a convicted felon who has learned about accepting responsibility and dealing with guilt and their actions. Many communities have hired these types of people and it has a better chance of success than some pointy haired bean counter, a liberal karen, or someone who has no idea what these people have gone through. I applaud this guy for turning his life around and leading by example. permalink BreakfastGun 14 points 4 hours ago Was looking for a comment exactly like this. There is a big difference between a reformed convict leading violence prevention and, say for example, a 300 lb woman being in charge of a nations Health Department. One of them knows the ins and outs of the problem while the other is oblivious to it. permalink sordfysh PRO 5 points 3 hours ago I'm getting pretty bummed about the bee lately. It's getting pretty stale very very quickly. Not sure what is going on over there, but the idea that the rehabilitated offender is helping rehabilitate others is a very very Christian narrative. The bee was supposed to be a Christian site. permalink Luvs_2_Bop 2 points 3 hours ago They’re actually more Zionist than true Christian, unfortunately. permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 5 hours ago "Fire Chief Aaron Lipski". why the hell does the fire chief get a vote? lol. I know some fire chiefs, i'll just leave that there. permalink DanIsSwell 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah, it sounds like he can use his past to prevent others from doing those things. Just like it takes an ex addict to be a drug counselor, or an ex burglar to help with home security; it’s good when the one doing the helping, actually understands the situation. permalink conservativefrank 1 points 21 minutes ago Yes, because someone who has committed violence has unique abilities compared to someone who hasn't. Can you explain what those abilities are? The ability to lose control? permalink airborne3502 12 points 5 hours ago "The sort of person who's lived the experience..." You don't want a mechanic who's never worked on a car do ya? permalink Retardloserimsogay 4 points 4 hours ago Excellent point! permalink King_Boobus_Toobus 2 points 4 hours ago It takes one to know one permalink conservativefrank 2 points 20 minutes ago Doing violence is the opposite of preventing violence. Do you want a mechanic whose only experience is wrecking cars in DUI crashes? permalink airborne3502 1 points 9 minutes ago You're not thinking of the people he didn't kill...LOL I was being facetious, but your point is well made, fren. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 10 points 5 hours ago "Violence Prevention" is bogus made up socialist deconstruction of prisons, police, and criminal law. permalink Panda321 4 points 5 hours ago Well they tried others and that didn’t work permalink Oodles 3 points 5 hours ago Milwaukee had already named three nonmurdering finalists to take this job. The murderer was not even one of the finalists, but the DEI mayor picked him anyways. permalink TayzinBros 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink God-is-good 2 points 5 hours ago I think I’ve heard about this before something called “Dexter.” permalink TayzinBros 0 points 4 hours ago Didn't Dexter just murder bad people? This will result in murdering good people, particularly good white people permalink Light_HIV_Effect 1 points 4 hours ago This is like Iran being put on the UN human rights counsel. Oh wait.. permalink JamesBond007 1 points 4 hours ago It’s GOT to be the cold 🥶 that makes people in that area of the country make these batshit crazy decisions. permalink casualdiverter 1 points 4 hours ago In fairness murdering people tends to prevent them from committing any further violence. permalink tommygigantica 1 points 4 hours ago Well, he's an expert permalink sorrytodisagree 1 points 3 hours ago Couldn't they save money by making a still incarcerated murderer do the job instead of making license plates? permalink goatnuts 1 points 2 hours ago They hire check counterfeiters to catch fake checks. Seems like he'd be the guy right? permalink DCYR66 1 points 50 minutes ago Big shocker from Cheeseheads! permalink barwhack 1 points 4 hours ago Paying murderers for instruction ... permalink RobertCron16 1 points 4 hours ago Can't wait to see who runs the serial killing prevention office permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 2 hours ago Hold on, boys. Let him cook. If you arrest a man, you prevent him from using violence for a day. If you murder a man he will never be violent again. This guy has the potential to be very effective. permalink BadBrainsBuzzcocks 1 points 2 hours ago He's mafia. It wasn't gang shit. It was mafia. And with the mayor appointing him out of the blue.... definitely. What a great cover lol. He runs some re-entry program, because we all know how useful those are. permalink Stlpoolguy 0 points 4 hours ago Well, if I'm shopping for mechanics, I wouldn't be opposed to a guy that's blown away few engines..... Lol permalink NewGoldenAge 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink ProudAmerican84 0 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 699 Milwaukee Hires Convicted Murderer To Lead Violence Prevention Office (notthebee.com) posted 5 hours ago by TateDemarcus 38 comments Milwaukee Hires Convicted Murderer To Lead Violence Prevention Office You want violence prevention, Milwaukee? Well, here you go! notthebee.com