392 💯🔥 his hatred of trump is unforgivable. posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 26 comments 26 comments airborne3502 15 points 6 hours ago I used to love to watch the Great Lou Dobbs rail on this guy. "Feckless" was the word he liked to use to describe Ryan. It was only a matter of time for ol Lou once Ryan got that position on the board of directors at Fox. permalink Bullet3250 15 points 6 hours ago Paul Ryan stabbed TRUMP and MAGA and 'ALL OF AMERICA' in the back so many times - the was no more room to stab us again... :( permalink Georgewashingtonboat 10 points 5 hours ago Like thune and Johnson now permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 3 points 5 hours ago It's a feature permalink TrumpCare 2 points 5 hours ago Just wait for the midterms permalink DagneyTaggart 12 points 6 hours ago I started wondering about this POS when he lost a VP debate to (then competent-by-his-standards) Joe Biden. permalink Znut55 9 points 5 hours ago Both him and Romney campaigned on A LOT of things that Trump also wanted....except TRUMP actually DID IT and KEPT his promises while the "other two" were just telling us what we wanted to hear. permalink Farqquard 8 points 5 hours ago rope the fucking weasel permalink LLP2 2 points 3 hours ago Make widow's peak prescient. permalink MarshallB 4 points 5 hours ago I don't know if he's EVIL or GULLIBLE, which is also deadly. But I definitely won't trust his "judgement." permalink Protonboy 3 points 4 hours ago Start with EVIL, and backtrack as needed. permalink MarshallB 2 points 4 hours ago John 8:44 “You are of your father, the devil. And you will do the lusts of your father. He has been a murderer from the beginning, and did not stand in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaks a lie, then he speaks of his own. For he is a liar and the father thereof. Backtracked to the devil. A MURDERER from the beginning and the FATHER OF LIES. permalink dougwiser 4 points 6 hours ago Send in three seals, two can grab his ears and the other can start kicking him in the nuts as if he has a new addiction to kicking Paul Ryan in the nuts. Then he can visit the gallows pole. From now on I will refer to this as the 3seal solution. It does not have to be active duty seals, just mean bastards that served as seal. permalink RealWomenLoveTrump 1 points 2 hours ago Can non-seal mean bastards apply? permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 5 hours ago This is why I never watch Fox for any reason - Ryan is on the Board. It's enemedia even if it has some great people still working there. permalink Panda321 3 points 5 hours ago He was sour pence was picked over him VP permalink geckogreen 2 points 4 hours ago This is no secret, the Republicans were the ones that financed the dossier to start permalink Maxmax 1 points 3 hours ago Hillary financed it, faggots in the GOP jumped on it. permalink SoulSnipper 1 points 1 hour ago No, the GOP started it as part of a plan to "Stop Trump" permalink GodKingHarambe 2 points 4 hours ago I thought McCain sent former State Dept employee/McCain Institute director David Kramer to the UK to obtain a copy after learning of it at the Halifax Security Forum permalink Gunmolester 2 points 4 hours ago yeah he is a fking weasel ....POS permalink Walt_Kowalski 2 points 1 hour ago Well, well, well...is anyone really surprised this Eddie Muster looking brown noser was the first? permalink Bilabrin 2 points 4 hours ago Pau Ryan is a bailout-loving whore. permalink Creepy_Joe 2 points 2 hours ago Still waiting for one of those arrests. permalink The_Left_The 2 points 2 hours ago The envy of a little man. permalink SoulSnipper 1 points 1 hour ago Eddie Munster was always a dick. I remember him refusing to fund our country's border wall while building a high wall around his own property. That's how much of a dick Ryan is. permalink 392 💯🔥 his hatred of trump is unforgivable. posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 26 comments