195 President Trump just revealed that during the negotiations, one of the leaders asked him to meet again on the war in "a month or two..." ..."I said, 'A MONTH OR TWO? You're going to have another 40K people DEAD! You have to do it TONIGHT." posted 4 hours ago by YodaBannon 12 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 5h 🚨 HOLY CRAP! President Trump just revealed that during the negotiations, one of the leaders asked him to meet again on the war in "a month or two..." ..."I said, 'A MONTH OR TWO? You're going to have another 40K people D*AD! You have to do it TONIGHT." "And I did. I called 12 comments TheAftermath 17 points 4 hours ago They don't want peace. Their overlords are making obscene amounts of money from a state of constant war. And these minions get their slice of the forever war pie. permalink TheThreeSeashells 5 points 2 hours ago I'd also throw in that the deep staters in the U.S. who are working in conjunction with these European assholes to keep the war going want to also do so to serve as a distraction from MAGA so they can run out the clock. Because this bullshit has nothing to do with MAGA. permalink TheAftermath 2 points 26 minutes ago The truth. Well stated. permalink Maganifice7 8 points 2 hours ago They don't want to end the war. End our weapons being sold to them and end our monetary assistance and the war will end. permalink Bigly-Wrong 5 points 2 hours ago The anarcho-capitalists need Ukraine destroyed so they can seize public resources and “rebuild” for pennies on the dollar permalink aoneleggedduck 4 points 2 hours ago That means someone wanted a month to plan a new false flag permalink socal_maga 3 points 2 hours ago Trilat. I like that. permalink YodaBannon OP 1 points 1 hour ago Did that on my Bowflex tm permalink Pwrxs 1 points 1 hour ago They needed time to move money around. permalink Herpawinski 1 points 35 minutes ago They haven't achieved major goals in years what is one month gong to do except make more bucks for the drone producers? Ah. permalink johnparker 1 points 2 hours ago Can we start bombing Ukraine? Or at least shut off weapons and intel to them? permalink ferventFerret9 0 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 195 President Trump just revealed that during the negotiations, one of the leaders asked him to meet again on the war in "a month or two..." ..."I said, 'A MONTH OR TWO? You're going to have another 40K people DEAD! You have to do it TONIGHT." posted 4 hours ago by YodaBannon 12 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 5h 🚨 HOLY CRAP! President Trump just revealed that during the negotiations, one of the leaders asked him to meet again on the war in "a month or two..." ..."I said, 'A MONTH OR TWO? You're going to have another 40K people D*AD! You have to do it TONIGHT." "And I did. I called