817 Infographic: How to Decode Food Labels & Ingredients.......... More than 73 percent of the U.S. food supply is ultra-processed. Let’s decipher what’s really in our food and what it does so we can make healthier choices. (www.theepochtimes.com) posted 5 hours ago by JTIM 100 comments Infographic: How to Decode Food Labels & Ingredients More than 73 percent of the U.S. food supply is ultra-processed. Let’s decipher what’s really in our food and what it does so we can make healthier choices. www.theepochtimes.com 100 comments Bullet3250 65 points 5 hours ago A great strategy at the grocery stores... simply avoid walking down any isle... stay on the outside wall - fruits vegs, bakery, meat, fish, dairy, beer...and check out. Also - if it is in box or a can or some kind of sealed bag - you should mostly avoid buying it. permalink Eatinglue 32 points 5 hours ago Shop the perimeter permalink Bilbobaggins 20 points 5 hours ago One exception: dry beans permalink CzechForTrump 14 points 5 hours ago Beans make me fart ... brutally ... thank you for your attention, that is all permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 10 points 4 hours ago That is a feature, not a bug. Your wife isnt going to Dutch oven herself, after all. permalink ronnietherocket 5 points 4 hours ago Oh, you fart? You're contributing to Global Warming. Fascist!!!! /s permalink booblitchutz 4 points 4 hours ago The farting is just an added benefit. permalink Seldom_Seen_Kid 3 points 4 hours ago A little baking soda in the soaking water will help with that. permalink DaninElkhart 2 points 4 hours ago "Fart Proudly" -- Ben Franklin permalink TrumpIsTheVictor 10 points 4 hours ago Or lentils. I love those as well. permalink elcomedian 1 points 3 hours ago Lentils and pig feet /drools permalink sordfysh PRO 7 points 4 hours ago Also flour, honey, powdered spices, coffee, baking soda, olive oil, and raisins permalink 3-10 2 points 2 hours ago Make sure it is real honey and not the honey with a lot of HFCS. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 3 hours ago They stick those in the center so you pass by all the crap. permalink sordfysh PRO 1 points 3 hours ago They all do happen to be in the very center. Like always in the center two aisles. permalink view 1 more comments... booblitchutz 3 points 4 hours ago Well there are many exceptions, of course. But the idea is that the Whole Foods TEND to be around the perimeter because they spoil quickly. permalink you_know_GOAT 3 points 4 hours ago order dry beans directly from Camellia in Louisiana. Been in business for a VERY long time. Best selection of fresh dry beans I've ever had. You don't even have to soak them, that's how fresh they are. AND they have all the good different bean selection. Very reasonable too. permalink Hikedelics 9 points 4 hours ago Beer isn’t doing you any favors either, fren. permalink bidensmissingbrain 9 points 4 hours ago The fuck it ain't. permalink TrumpIsTheVictor 7 points 4 hours ago I was just about to post this. As for cans, I do like sardines in olive oil. permalink IForgotToAddAnEmail 3 points 4 hours ago I can't stand any oils. I like em in water. permalink Klown_Kutz 5 points 4 hours ago I do that except for the beer aisle. I’m currently abstaining, hoping that third brain cell grows back. permalink Right_of_Sinner 19 points 5 hours ago Finally, someone brings up Carrageenan. That shit is horrible. It’s what scientists give lab rats to induce inflammation across the entire body. It’s in almost every mayor dairy product that needs thickening. Cut that out and watch your joint pain go away. permalink Mamapedia 10 points 5 hours ago Absolutely. I get targeting dyes, because switching to natural colors will be relatively easy for manufacturers, but I think emulsifiers and preservatives should be on the chopping block soon. Won't be an easy fix, but I think they are more dangerous than dyes given their impact on the microbiome. permalink Right_of_Sinner 3 points 4 hours ago Only expensive brands don’t use Carrageenan. permalink ScrewReddit 8 points 4 hours ago I'm on a keto diet and cottage cheese is my goto quick snack food. I buy Daisy brand because it only contains milk culture, cream, and salt. For such a simple product, it's amazing how many awful ingredients the other brands put in it, and almost all of them add Maltodextrin (sugar). permalink Right_of_Sinner 1 points 2 hours ago Our family prefers Breakstone’s and GOOD. Not low fat. permalink Tip-O-Matic 1 points 34 minutes ago I enjoy pork rinds, but I had to learn not to get the flavored ones, because the flavorings all have malotdextrin in them. Surprisingly, the only ingredients in the store brand pork rinds where we shop are just pork skin and salt. permalink FuckReddit4545 3 points 3 hours ago Never even heard of carrageenan before. Thanks for pointing this out I'll be on the lookout while shopping now. permalink Right_of_Sinner 2 points 2 hours ago Most people haven’t. If you have pets, watch their food as well. As far as I know, all canned cat food has it and it makes a lot of cats throw up. I just fed my cat straight Tuna fish. Cost the same and is just fish. permalink airborne3502 18 points 5 hours ago According to Eat This, Not that!, these are the nine worst cereals from bad to worst: Fruit Loops, Apple Jacks, Frosted Flakes, Lucky Charms, Reese's Puffs, Captain Crunch's Crunch Berries, Captain Crunch, Marshmallow Fruity Pebbles, Honey Smacks. Bon appetit! 🥄 permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 10 points 5 hours ago I haven't had a bowl of cereal in decades. The closest I've come is few bowls of oatmeal over the same period. Instead, breakfast to me is eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, fruits, breads, pancakes, and waffles. Cereal is for kids. permalink airborne3502 14 points 4 hours ago I've got PTSD from breakfast cereal. In basic training, I got caught with a box of Frosted Flakes in my locker during an inspection. I opened my locker door and there was Tony the tiger looking at the drill sergeant. What happened next wasn't grrrrreat! permalink NADSAQ 16 points 4 hours ago “ WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?! ” “A jelly donut, sir!” permalink airborne3502 5 points 4 hours ago Roger that. Believe me when I tell ya, they live for that shit. permalink Maxdady01 4 points 4 hours ago R.I.P. R. Lee Ermey permalink Ritchie_Blackadder 2 points 3 hours ago You paid for it, you eat it! permalink view 2 more comments... 24601 7 points 4 hours ago Cereal isn't for anyone... especially kids. https://www.fastcompany.com/90219989/monsanto-fallout-how-cheerios-and-quaker-oats-responded-to-glyphosate-in-cereal-reports permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 4 hours ago I agree. My kids were never really into cereal like I was in the 70s. They loved fruit, eggs, and toast. However, we would indulge them occasionally with some sugary cereal they saw in TV, but they'd either never finish it or they'd have it sparingly. Shockingly, they would complain about things being too sweet. When they were little, we never held anything edible over their head. They kept all their Halloween haul in their rooms, had access to sodas, juice boxes, and other sweets whenever they wanted. Meanwhile, their friends would come over, and were little sugar fiends. I'd hear them scheming about how to get your dad to hook them up, and my kids would just hand them crap. permalink MrGrayson 6 points 4 hours ago When I was a kid Honey Smacks were named Sugar Smacks. Loved that cereal. Wouldn't touch it with your 10 foot pole now. permalink airborne3502 4 points 4 hours ago According to the article that was the knock on em. They're so full of sugar there's zero nutritional value. It can't even be considered a breakfast meal because the sugar content is so high. It's essentially candy. No doubt that's why they changed the name. permalink Bullet3250 3 points 4 hours ago Ahhhh 'Chocolate covered Sugar Bombs' - memories. ;) permalink Tip-O-Matic 2 points 38 minutes ago Count Chocula, Franken-Berry, Boo-Berry... It's a wonder I'm still alive! permalink Pissonit 4 points 4 hours ago Cheerios isn't on this list? I thought that was one of the worst you could buy... permalink CovfefeVideo 2 points 4 hours ago When I was young, most cereal required sugar just to be edible. Now, even the healthiest looking cereal is so sugar-laden and chemical-saturated, it's best to just avoid the entire aisle. permalink Rock 17 points 5 hours ago If it comes in a box. It’s poison permalink CzechForTrump 8 points 4 hours ago Das rite!!! continues to eat engine oil soaked concrete permalink Red_in_Blue_NJ 5 points 4 hours ago I love crunchy foods permalink EvilGreed209 14 points 5 hours ago I only eat things like Eggs / mixed nuts / steaks / chicken/ veggies / fruits / water. Fuck anything that comes in a box its all loaded with preservatives to keep the shelf life long and packed full of shit that will keep you fat and nowadays since they make cancer treatment meds they put potassium bromaine which causes renal cancer in alot of your sweet treats in a box. They are the Devil there is no way to spin it they want to make money on fattening you up and the cancer treatments double time. People think its not happening mainly because people are fucking dumb masters degree or not they can't see thru the matrix. permalink Hikedelics 2 points 4 hours ago You’re going to have to elaborate on what this “potassium bromaine” stuff is. I’m a chemist and I’ve never heard of that one. permalink Fingerbang 8 points 4 hours ago Then you would understand that obviously he he means bromate but is not a chemist like you permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 3 hours ago Potassium bromate, mr.professor permalink onesummerdream 10 points 5 hours ago I’ve been using an app called Yuka. Rates food and cosmetic products based on ingredients, organics and additives. Scores 0-100 and will list why product received that score. Also offers alternative products with better rating. Free to use but asked for $14.00/yr donation to keep independent. permalink Mamapedia 1 points 4 hours ago I checked out one scanning app, not sure if it was the one you mention, but some of the built-in biases against animal fats caused pretty skewed ratings. I'll check this one out. I would like to see a paleo type version (with dairy). Edit: Yuka is (wrongly) biased against saturated fats. It is based on governmental guidelines. Might be ok for cosmetics. permalink LizardKingx002 1 points 1 hour ago While true is skews like that, it does list any additives and their relative risk. If something is rated as 'bad' and you look and it's only because of the sat fat content, it's fine. But if it has risky additives listed you, then avoid it permalink Mamapedia 1 points 27 minutes ago Yes, that is a very good use. I just wish the inaccurate and damaging BS nutrition guidelines would be abandoned finally. Scaring people away from eggs, full fat dairy, fatty meats, etc. has been so damaging to the population. permalink HellNoKameltoe 10 points 4 hours ago serving size is one of the worst deceptions. "Oh look! only 5g sugar per serving!" Serving size: 1 thimble. There's Haagen Dazs ice cream containers that are "100 calories"...yeah, basic vanilla and the size is maybe 1 or two spoonfuls worth. permalink RiolindasReturn 6 points 4 hours ago 100% agree. Bag of chips and the serving size is like 4-5 chips. Math isn’t that hard. Everything should be labeled by total of what’s in the bag/container. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 4 hours ago Multiple that ... by American Consumer 'Grazing behavior' - and you quickly see why 60% of the US is at or near Obese weight levels. permalink ScrewReddit 2 points 4 hours ago Worse is that the FDA allows them to round down. 0.49 grams of trans fats per serving? They can list it as 0 grams. permalink CaJuN-Polak 9 points 5 hours ago Watch out for the stickers on the fruit: some identify GMO, some are Gates` company with chemicals and MNRA sprayed on them which can't be washed off. permalink knnbccb 4 points 3 hours ago Fasting helps to detox. A whole lot of other health benefits too. And spiritual benefits included. Start with shattering the myth that it is mandatory to have three meals a day. permalink 1LoathsomeDove 4 points 4 hours ago Call it what the hell it is: Poison. A healthcare crisis in a box. permalink MEME-SUPREME 3 points 4 hours ago It is poison. permalink Tardigrade 3 points 3 hours ago Back in the 90s, I was ridiculed as a kid because my parents were the first people we knew to catch on to this and stopped buying cereal (or any other food/snacks) with dyes, preservatives, chemicals, etc. It's funny how what's "cool" changes over time. It's one reason why I'm so adamant about not raising an iPad/phone kid. I believe I'll be vindicated. permalink Flagwaverforever 3 points 1 hour ago If you’re not watching Dr Ken Berry on YouTube, you’re risking your life for lack of education. Love that guy!! permalink Tip-O-Matic 1 points 20 minutes ago Dr Eric Berg is good, too, along with Dr. Boz (Annette Bosworth). permalink utfanx2 3 points 4 hours ago Bioengineered soy. They put that filler garbage in everything. permalink True_Curmudgeon 3 points 4 hours ago Eat the poison food plebs so that you need our poison medicines also permalink elcomedian 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink flyover_deplorable 3 points 4 hours ago So I need to sign up to read this? Pass. permalink EthnoEuro 2 points 2 hours ago The US should move to the metric system for food labels & ingredients. Some labels are straight up trash. They list 0 calories, 0 everything, why? Because the "serving size" is 1/4tsp permalink Agent_86 2 points 2 hours ago Ok permalink AR_MAGA 2 points 2 hours ago Too late for me. permalink tommygigantica 2 points 4 hours ago This article is almost garbage. Has the obvious crap everyone knows. Sucralose, the only problem is its 600% sweeter and may cause gut dysbiosis and inflammation??? Yeah it causes gut dysbiosis by being toxic to your liver! Ask me how i know. permalink Bullet3250 3 points 4 hours ago My guess is all the 'fake sugars' are worse than pure sugar.. and pure sugar is pretty bad. Honey is about it - and just forgo the Daily need for sweet food... I save that for major holidays.. and that's it. permalink tommygigantica 2 points 37 minutes ago I agree about the sugar alternatives. But not about real sugar. I use organic evaporated cane juice. I'm sure if i ate a pound a day of it it will have bad consequences. but certain fruits and honey should be OK. That's another thing is figuring out which fruits have been bred tremendously to be sweeter. I don't think those are a good idea either. I know a guy so afraid of sugar but he eats a ton of processed grains and starches that turn into sugar. I was technically diabetic couple years ago. I found out diuretics cause diabetes! So i kept eating fruit and evaporated cane juice and cut my diuretic dosage in half and next blood test i wasn't a diabetic anymore. I also try to cut out grains as much as possible since they seem to be not good for much. The thing that really pisses me off is was diagnosed with heart failure10 years ago. And found out i have cirrhosis now!! Now that i know what cirrhosis is the warning signs are very similar to heart failure. I could feel my portal vein being blocked. I thought i had fluid build up on my abdomen but actually my liver is swollen! Now doctors are trying to tell me the heart failure caused the cirrhosis! I know the symptoms have been there since hf started. But they don't admit they missed it. It took the sugar free cough drops with sucralose and jaundice to make me realize i have severe liver problems. So as of now, i shouldn't have sugar. permalink Bullet3250 1 points 23 minutes ago Perhaps avoid fruit in general - fructose can only be metabolized by the liver as well. permalink CastIronBeaver 2 points 4 hours ago Whelp, there's you problem right there fren, pass on the Fruity Puffs and go for the Veggie Splats. Nothin' like a bowl of Veggie Splats with raw milk to start the day. permalink Brookes 2 points 4 hours ago There’s an app I use called Yuka that scans the barcode on the package and tells you if it’s garbage or not. permalink Perseverant 2 points 3 hours ago I never thought I'd own a grain mill, but my wife is one of the good ones that wants our family to be healthy and cares enough to research and take us back to whole foods. permalink StormingMormon 2 points 2 hours ago Download the Yuka app. You scan the barcode and it tells you what poison is in the food and what it can do to you. It works on hygiene products too. permalink Mamapedia 1 points 1 hour ago Beware that Yuka has a programmed-in bias against all saturated fats. permalink try4gain 2 points 1 hour ago I had UK bread for the first time. It is actually better. More firm, less soft and doughy. Holds up better with mayo. permalink PatriotRacer 2 points 1 hour ago Get the Yuka app - its logo is a carrot. All you do is scan the barcode and it tells you what’s in it, what the effects are etc. even offers recommendations permalink 1DontTreadOnMe1 2 points 3 hours ago Don't eat anything that comes pre-packaged in a box. permalink MadRussian 1 points 51 minutes ago A huge chunk of America's health problems could be solved by just banning HFCS. Not all of them mind, but a goodly chunk. permalink BobSacano 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink TestableHypothesis 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 817 Infographic: How to Decode Food Labels & Ingredients.......... More than 73 percent of the U.S. food supply is ultra-processed. Let’s decipher what’s really in our food and what it does so we can make healthier choices. (www.theepochtimes.com) posted 5 hours ago by JTIM 100 comments Infographic: How to Decode Food Labels & Ingredients More than 73 percent of the U.S. food supply is ultra-processed. Let’s decipher what’s really in our food and what it does so we can make healthier choices. www.theepochtimes.com