456 ROGER STONE: little shit Zelensky can wear a suit and tie for the world economic forum, but not when he meets the president of the United States posted 5 hours ago by Sunnybats2 32 comments 32 comments ChyNahAzzWhole1 13 points 5 hours ago Enough. Not 1 Dime, Not 1 piece of equipment, Not 1 Soldier. permalink Illah88zillah 2 points 2 hours ago He shouldn't even be tainting our floors with his filthy faggot feet. This mf'er needs to be Gaddafi'd permalink Panda321 8 points 5 hours ago Is that a pre war photo ? He wants to show image he’s in a war it’s all a show permalink aoneleggedduck 6 points 4 hours ago Key question, here. When was this taken? His no-suit policy has been a wartime thing. permalink DegenNerd 5 points 2 hours ago Yes, it was in 2020 before the invasion. OP and Roger Stone are purposely misleading. permalink stayfckingcalm 3 points 6 minutes ago Classic Stone, one of the biggest liars out there. permalink johnparker 4 points 2 hours ago Can we drone strike him? Or better yet,, ally with Russia and declare a ceasefire and then enforce it by hitting key Ukranian positions with B2 strikes? Ukraine is not in NATO so why can't we bomb them to force an end to the war? Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Ukraine! Not giving a shit about this little pissant or his country does not make me a Russian shill. It just makes me someone who cares about my country and no others. permalink 4886Battery 4 points 5 hours ago I don't think this is a matter of Zelensky being purposely disrespectful, I think he wears his active wear and lifts because he believes it make him look tough, or at least tougher than when he puts on a suit. When he's suited, he looks like the president of the Lollipop Guild. Regardless, he should be wearing a suit like a normal adult in those situations where he's meeting with Trump, or any nation leader. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 2 hours ago One of the baddest dudes i ever knew was 5'7 and a buck 35 soaking wet. He had a ponytail and a lisp. He was also a well trained MMA fighter and exuded confidence. He was taken seriously by other men everywhere he went. Zelensky isnt taken seriously because he isnt a real leader. He is a pathetic joke of a man.with none of the character attributes that inspire other men in a leader. He is a slimy little grifter that has led his people to ruin for personal enrichment by acting as the puppet of sinister outside forces. He is the literal Hollywood stereotype of a faggy little backstabber. His lack of gravitas has nothing to do with his wardrobe. That being said, his activewear routine in the white house was incredibly disrespectful even if it wasn't intended to be so. permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 3 points 2 hours ago I'm with Roger on this one. permalink charliesean 3 points 2 hours ago he calls him "a little shit" 😂😂😂 permalink CovfefeAnon 2 points 5 hours ago 'dress for the job you want, not the job you have' permalink Zyxl 2 points 2 hours ago He doesn't wear a suit when he's going to be in the public eye, because he wants to give the false impression he's come straight from the frontline of the war and Ukraine needs their money. The rest of the time he can wear a suit. permalink skuts 2 points 4 hours ago If he shows up the the WH in a T shirt again, just have the bouncer throw him out. permalink Cenobite 2 points 4 hours ago No fucking tie. Should have been bounced out of there. permalink Urusovite 3 points 5 hours ago Did he not wear a suit this time? I thought he did. Suits are stupid anyway. Professionalism is stupid. Political correctness is stupid. Both just breed inauthenticity. permalink preferredfault 2 points 4 hours ago He did, but it was a pretty shitty suit, more like a military suit, or a poor mans suit who never wore a suit before.....this picture proves it's not just zelensky being bad at selecting suits, he's perfectly capable of wearing a normal suit, which means when he doesn't wear a suit like this to the WH, it indicates two things: He's playing games with his appearance to try to, from his POV, control the optics. He's being deliberately disrespectful. And of course the whole reason why is obvious, the EU needs Zelensky to look like the underdog straight from the battlefield, that was the choice from the start. To them, it's good optics, and they can't for a single moment drop those optics, because then the obvious first thought would be "Well why didn't he dress like that years ago?", which reveals it's all a facade. So they're stuck having to keep up a poor facade, a facade that everyone already knows is a facade, because they're soo petty they don't want to admit it. What Zelensky's clothing choices ultimately really say is the EU controls him. permalink Walt_Kowalski 1 points 1 hour ago I agree for the most part; however, you know the preference of the President, the person you're coming to for help, so in this case it really is a sign of your level of respect. I'm a blue collar guy who wears t-shirts and jeans almost everywhere I go, and I don't care very much what I look like as long a my hair is even and my beard is trimmed. But if I was ever invited to see Trump I'd wear a damned suit. permalink Lasheric 1 points 59 minutes ago He had on a suit, but no tie. Trump was happy enough with it though he even joked about it permalink Sunnybats2 OP 1 points 4 hours ago He wore a "suit" that is nkt a COAT AND TIE BITCH permalink Urusovite 1 points 2 hours ago As a miner UG working in a hellscape, fuck your suits and pretty boy dressup games, faggot. Fuck your fake professionalism costume you put on to slave away in some office cubicle. IDGAF about suits. There are MANY reasons to not like Zelensky. His attire isn’t one of them. permalink m0ntsta 1 points 2 hours ago I’ve been in construction my entire teenage and adult professional life, wearing bags and doing trade work for many years. I wear boots everyday, and don’t leave the house without a tape measure and leatherman on my belt. That being said, there is a time to wear a suit. Meeting the president at the White House definitely is one of those times. If I showed up in my hard hat with my tool belt on I would feel like a bit of a fucking retard. Also wore a suit to my daughter’s wedding because I’ll be damned if I was going to give her away looking like a scrub. No thanks you can keep that shit. permalink conservativefrank 1 points 7 minutes ago Trump should have told him, "No meeting today. Come back tomorrow. Be on time. Wear a suit." permalink skuts 1 points 4 hours ago ...and Robert's Rules of Order is just a bunch of bullshit, too. Why can't I wear flip-flops all the time? permalink 26magarat 2 points 4 hours ago I honestly didn't know he owned a suit until now. permalink Maxmax 2 points 3 hours ago Rodger Stone always dresses immaculately. permalink CaptainPenguin 1 points 15 minutes ago I get the criticism, but making a big deal about this is just dumb. Is our money better spent if he wears a suit? Do less people die if he does? Roger Stone is a big retard boomer ignorant. permalink PickUpThatCan 1 points 3 hours ago That's because he does not respect the office. He's used to his welfare checks and uncontested money and instead of adjusting to reality he still sees us as a useful idiot not an equal. permalink conservativefrank 1 points 9 minutes ago Why did Trump accept him dressed like that and late for the meeting? If I were President, I'd have told him, "Try again tomorrow. Wear a suit. Show up on time." permalink Tired-Trucker 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink BobSacano 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 456 ROGER STONE: little shit Zelensky can wear a suit and tie for the world economic forum, but not when he meets the president of the United States posted 5 hours ago by Sunnybats2 32 comments ×