161 MTG Asking Uncomfortable Questions About MIGA Influencers After Israeli Pedo "Escapes" United States posted 2 hours ago by flashersenpai 19 comments Marjorie Taylor Greene 🇺🇸 @mtgreenee • 1d Why did our government release a child sex predator from Israel who works directly under the Prime Minister of Israel? And now Netanyahu is lying and completely denying it. Why isn’t Mark Levin pitching a hissy fit over this?? And why isn’t Laura Loomer rage posting about LIZ CROKIN @LizCrokin • 3d Update: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is lying claiming his Executive Director of Israel National Cyber Directorate Tom Alexandrovich was not arrested, according to a statement released to Mediaite. The Las Vegas Metro Police Department’s press release — which is still live 19 comments Maganifice7 22 points 2 hours ago Jews will never criticize Israel. permalink NukeTheNarrative 4 points 51 minutes ago Group unconditional support is the real power behind Jewish culture. It's not their money. It's their unconditional support of one another. But it's also their achilles heel. Because eventually all of them carry the consequences manifested in society by just a handfull of profoundly selfish Jews at the top. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 26 minutes ago If only we all were allowed the same freedom of association. permalink LordCommissarYarrick 1 points 26 minutes ago This. They will always rally around their own. permalink CrazyPope 18 points 2 hours ago MTG is one of the only true MAGA people we have. Psyched to see her Megyn Kelly interview, we need to back her as she fights the Israel first crowd permalink cereal_killer 17 points 2 hours ago MTG had been so supportive of Israel and Zionism in the past, it's been very refreshing to watch her flip over the last couple of months. That dig at Laura Loomer is a cherry on top. I think Laura is pissing some people off in the administration. permalink flashersenpai OP 6 points 54 minutes ago Many such cases. I previously had no interest in the Israeli government until this past year or so. I'll actually have to thank the zoomers on TikTok for forcing the hand of the zionists into mass censorship. permalink flashersenpai OP 11 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/esaagar/status/1957822862099665386 Israeli was the only case in which charges were NOT filed. https://x.com/esaagar/status/1957819487366836596 FBI spoke with the accused before they were allowed to leave the country. permalink LaterGator 10 points 2 hours ago Deport the jews and nuke israel. They are our greatest enemy. permalink FKH2 7 points 1 hour ago Just stop sending them our money and weapons permalink FKH2 9 points 1 hour ago More protection of child raping pedophiles for Israel by this administration, I will not turn a blind eye or remain silent about this because it's Trump, has our tough guy hero Dan Bongino made a public statement addressing this incident, has Poso tweeted out "God's children will be protected" like he did last time permalink FKH2 8 points 2 hours ago Israel lies about everything permalink Jakylangelo 7 points 2 hours ago I wonder (((why)))…. Zionists make me physically fucking ill. The Jewish community needs to purge these Talmud loving satanic pieces of shit from their community permalink Elencher 3 points 56 minutes ago They ARE the jewish community. permalink Formerlurker92 2 points 48 minutes ago We have a teired justice system permalink ThongsOfRussia 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink ThongsOfRussia 1 points 42 minutes ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink ProudAmerican84 1 points 55 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink ThongsOfRussia 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink 161 MTG Asking Uncomfortable Questions About MIGA Influencers After Israeli Pedo "Escapes" United States posted 2 hours ago by flashersenpai 19 comments Marjorie Taylor Greene 🇺🇸 @mtgreenee • 1d Why did our government release a child sex predator from Israel who works directly under the Prime Minister of Israel? And now Netanyahu is lying and completely denying it. Why isn’t Mark Levin pitching a hissy fit over this?? And why isn’t Laura Loomer rage posting about LIZ CROKIN @LizCrokin • 3d Update: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is lying claiming his Executive Director of Israel National Cyber Directorate Tom Alexandrovich was not arrested, according to a statement released to Mediaite. The Las Vegas Metro Police Department’s press release — which is still live ×