673 No, NYT, we don’t have amnesia. If you didn’t know any better, you’d naturally assume the media headlines about weaponized government had to do with the Biden years (www.americanthinker.com) posted 4 hours ago by Sea_Still 13 comments No, NYT, we don’t have amnesia If you read these pull quotes, you’d think every one of them was about the Biden-era targeting of Trump: “Over the past two months, [the top DOJ official], who is in charge of several investigations, has quietly worked with federal ... www.americanthinker.com 13 comments PoonDong 33 points 4 hours ago Deflecting criticism by accusing the other side of the very behavior you are guilty of. Classic commies. permalink Mungo 9 points 3 hours ago Saul Alinsky 101 permalink NotYourMan 1 points 51 minutes ago MSM is the mouthpiece of democrats. Joe Biden was the worst president in history for many reasons. Part of this was using weaponized FBI and DOJ against Trump. However, MSM believes that Trump deserved it because they are brain washed by the money democrats pay them. permalink HumphreyPlowjogger 14 points 4 hours ago What would you expect from a deep state apparatchik rag? permalink ragnarokrobo 11 points 4 hours ago Wow can you believe the NY times is LYING?! permalink Cowboy888 4 points 3 hours ago I am shocked! permalink BobDolesBanana 6 points 3 hours ago Psychological projection is the common tool of attack by sociopaths. permalink Cowboy888 5 points 3 hours ago The NY Times are just like a woman. Every argument is turned around and ends up, man (Republicans) is wrong, woman (Democrats) is right. permalink rebuildingMyself 5 points 3 hours ago Democrat is quickly becoming the party of women and soys, so it makes sense that they are a bunch of gaslighting whiners with no real solutions. permalink Cowboy888 2 points 3 hours ago They are top grade whiners and weasels. permalink Bigsweaties 4 points 4 hours ago 2 more weeks. permalink whybag 3 points 3 hours ago Each of [his] actions violates Justice Department rules and norms: Prosecutors are barred from making investigative decisions based on politics This can be taken one of two ways. They are being blocked in making investigative decisions because it would be damaging to some political entity or... They are forbidden from using political affiliation as a basis for certain investigative decisions. Given the track record for the media, especially these past 10 years, I'm guessing the truth is #2 and media is trying to gaslight us to believe it's #1. permalink Granny 2 points 3 hours ago (cough hillary clinton cough) permalink 673 No, NYT, we don’t have amnesia. If you didn’t know any better, you’d naturally assume the media headlines about weaponized government had to do with the Biden years (www.americanthinker.com) posted 4 hours ago by Sea_Still 13 comments No, NYT, we don’t have amnesia If you read these pull quotes, you’d think every one of them was about the Biden-era targeting of Trump: “Over the past two months, [the top DOJ official], who is in charge of several investigations, has quietly worked with federal ... www.americanthinker.com