632 Mike Lindell- My Pillow CEO Put His Entire Life & Fortune On The Line - Tireless Warrior on Mail-In Ballot Fraud __ Mike Worked Night & Day Since The BIG STEAL on Nov 03, 2020 ___ Mike has Been De-Banked, Mocked & Dragged Into Courts Like Trump - MAGA Hero & Warrior posted 6 hours ago by KMOB 24 comments twitter.com 24 comments notsuicidalatall 21 points 5 hours ago Also never forget how Bed bath & Beyond removed My Pillow merchandise from their inventory in protest. I worked for that corporation for over 8 years. I heard they cooked the books often. While I am somewhat saddened that some good people lost jobs, fuck BBBY for doing what they did to Mike and his employees. Now the company is gone with Overstock owning the name. permalink LaterGator 6 points 2 hours ago Costco too. permalink Eatinglue 2 points 21 minutes ago Hippie Sam’s Club permalink Mamapedia 2 points 1 hour ago I think kohl's too permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 12 points 5 hours ago Going to order more towels. Its the least I can do. permalink try4gain 1 points 2 hours ago I need a few towels also permalink BidensPrisonWallet 10 points 4 hours ago I've bought everything I can from the Based Pillow Merchant. Even outfitted the RV and gifted his products to family. He needs to start "My Ammo" so that I can continue being a revenue stream indefinitely. permalink tt777 1 points 43 minutes ago When we were at a Big Lots store a few months ago, they had a bin with My Pillow pillows. My (old school, she pro-life, didn't vote for Kamala) liberal wife had lost her favorite pillow at a hotel a couple of years ago and had been searching for a replacement one, but nothing was satisfactory. She didn't want to be be buying My Pillow ("reasons"), but I said it feels similar to the one she lost, so we gave it a try. She has a new favorite pillow. 👍 permalink RedCalifornia 1 points 12 minutes ago MyDozer permalink Znut55 8 points 5 hours ago They destroyed SO many lives of people around Trump....just another reason why they ALL need to be held accountable. permalink NADSAQ 7 points 4 hours ago I got to shake his hand and thank him for his tireless efforts in exposing the election fraud of 2020 while we were at Mar A Lago on election night in 2024. I forgot to even tell him I love his pillows. permalink Suckitreddit 5 points 3 hours ago If you read his book, his life story is amazing…god has truly guided him to his purpose. The tenacity is something to behold…I try to keep him in my mind when I am discouraged. permalink DenturesNancy 4 points 2 hours ago I hope he is serious about running MN governor. Make Minnesota Great Again permalink Illah88zillah 3 points 2 hours ago Isaiah 54:17 King James Version 17 No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. permalink DrTar 3 points 2 hours ago I'm getting tired of my old worn-out other brand pillows." permalink KMOB OP 2 points 6 hours ago https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1lPKqvrWdPPGb permalink Cmon 2 points 1 hour ago Respectfully, PCAPS and Cyber Symposiums have nothing to do with mail in voting. permalink DCYR66 2 points 49 minutes ago Mike will have good fortune shine on him again. Keep the faith. permalink NeverInterruptEnemy -3 points 3 hours ago Good intention and well meaning, but he’s a fucking retard. He’s not helping. permalink 95Rockytoby95 1 points 2 hours ago The man once had more than you will aquire in an entire lifetime. He had a strong belief and put his money where his mouth is. His passion is unmatched. He's anything but a retard. You should understand he has $$$ in other areas and accounts. He is still very well off. Just not to the extent he was prior. permalink pray4peace4 2 points 39 minutes ago I heard him speak about a year ago. He said he's lost everything - his home, his savings, & his business is teetering on the edge. He filed for bankruptcy but his creditors(or the Democrat lawfare creeps) tried to get the judge to deny it. He hasn't paid the rent on his warehouse for a very long time & the landlord was trying to evict him. So I wouldn't say he's "still very well off." permalink 95Rockytoby95 1 points 2 minutes ago Remember he has 4 children who have very healthy trusts along with book sales. And a few other interests less publicized. But I agree with you, he lost hundreds of millions. And is still floating his products. permalink 95Rockytoby95 0 points 13 minutes ago That's what you're supposed to know. I can't reveal how I know this. I'm just telling you he is well off. But he could be better. permalink BobSacano 0 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 632 Mike Lindell- My Pillow CEO Put His Entire Life & Fortune On The Line - Tireless Warrior on Mail-In Ballot Fraud __ Mike Worked Night & Day Since The BIG STEAL on Nov 03, 2020 ___ Mike has Been De-Banked, Mocked & Dragged Into Courts Like Trump - MAGA Hero & Warrior posted 6 hours ago by KMOB 24 comments twitter.com ×