523 Just the News: Two doctors that recently had their medical licenses revoked for not endorsing the CDC’s childhood vaccine schedule sue the agency as being unconstitutional. END THE CDC! (justthenews.com) posted 7 hours ago by flp999 10 comments Two physicians sue CDC over 'aggressive' child vaccine program The doctors also highlighted that vaccine recommendations from the CDC often become state law, even if there's little cumulative research to back up the recommendations. justthenews.com 10 comments Belleoffreedom 8 points 6 hours ago Children's immune systems take time to develop. Why are there any vaccines for children under the age of 2? permalink AngelMark2 1 points 6 hours ago They say the Hep B vax is given at birth and it’s causing lots of autism cases! permalink ElectionDenier2020 1 points 3 hours ago Unable to get my mind around why this is needed if the mother tests negative for Hep B. permalink AngelMark2 1 points 2 hours ago It’s not needed but because dopey reproducers never question the hospitals where they give birth or their pediatricians, the hospitals n docs know they can jab the kids with whatever n how many shots they want! Doctors get kick backs for every shot they give n every script they write! permalink AngelMark2 5 points 6 hours ago A pediatrician I know told me the hospital that he is affiliated with (along w his private practice) that the hospital head asked him why he hardley sends any of his patients to the hospital!!! He told them I try and treat my patients so they don’t wind up in the hospital and they told him they are thinking of taking away his hospital privileges if he doesn’t start sending more kids to the hospital! Same hospital that forced him to vax in order to see patients in hospital! Out of hundreds of COVID cases in his private practice he only had 2 kids go to hospital(they had co illnesses and were fragile to begin with) and in order to visit them he had to get vaxed! 🫩 permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 6 hours ago Fight back and fight back hard. These milquetoast bureaucrats will cave at the first hint of pressure. Make sure the blowback damages them more than it their compromised following hurts you. Make it painful for bureaucrats to be stupid and malign. The word gets out. permalink NotYourMan 4 points 6 hours ago This is liberal fascism where the facts do not match the narrative so somebody gets fired. We cannot improve as a society or trust science if scientists with opposing opinions are fired for their work. This is part of science. permalink Vorgar 1 points 2 hours ago There certainly is a role that the CDC can play to help prevent the spread of diseases and to study them in order to develop effective treatments. But the draconian power they exercised should be a thing of the past. They shouldn't have the power to limit anyone's freedom in any way. permalink Aisle-is-closed 0 points 7 hours ago And Pam bondi will fight them. permalink DaninElkhart 1 points 6 hours ago In two weeks. permalink 523 Just the News: Two doctors that recently had their medical licenses revoked for not endorsing the CDC’s childhood vaccine schedule sue the agency as being unconstitutional. END THE CDC! (justthenews.com) posted 7 hours ago by flp999 10 comments Two physicians sue CDC over 'aggressive' child vaccine program The doctors also highlighted that vaccine recommendations from the CDC often become state law, even if there's little cumulative research to back up the recommendations. justthenews.com