612 Racist stats posted 8 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 70 comments 70 comments Iremembermypassword 64 points 8 hours ago Not wanting your daughter raped is racism now. Then let us be racist! permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 15 points 3 hours ago Exactly. It’s a fuckin Kafka trap. permalink DestroyerofCobwebs 10 points 3 hours ago Everyone is racist. Everyone. One of the worst things white people ever did is allow ourselves to be buffaloed into believing that's not true. permalink Powdered_Sugar 1 points 3 hours ago There are two types of racism. The first type recognizes that there in inherent differences in races based on geographical and natural factors where those races developed. This expresses itself in modernity with extremely different and incompatible cultures. Religion also has a profound affect on shaping culture and behavior, and religion does seem to largely run along racial lines. (I would honestly say religion is the key cultural feature. Christian Indians tend to be great. Hindu Indians.... Not so much). These cultures should maintain separation to avoid unnecessary conflict, and all of us are pretty much better off when we keep to our own kind. The second type of racist says "all black/brown/yellow/etc." people are equally bad based solely on the color of their skin, regardless of how they actually behave. I embrace the first kind of racism, not the second. permalink m0ntsta 4 points 2 hours ago Go to prison for a couple years surrounded by feral blacks and see if you come out enlightened on cultural differences. Live in California amongst the street shitting pajeets that try to take over from the 25,000,000 central and South American invaders that have already taken over. I am the second kind of racist, proudly. White neighborhoods are safer, cleaner, and more pleasant to be in than every single other neighborhood, which is why everyone wants to come live in them and fuck them up. Nope. Fuck em all. Call me fucking racist it means nothing to me and has zero effect on me. permalink DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 2 hours ago The second type basically doesn't exist in the modern definition of the word, so it's not really a useful distinction. When you say the word racism today, nearly every person who hears it includes a cultural component. You can argue that shouldn't be true, but I'm not trying to get into a discussion about the definition of words. Under the modern definition of racism, everyone is a racist. permalink Powdered_Sugar 1 points 2 hours ago I feel like it's important to make the distinction because all the "racists" I know fall into the first category, while all the "racism" the left screams about falls squarely in the second category. It's the gap between reality and fiction. permalink thepilotofmoya 1 points 11 minutes ago Someone has never worked a day in customer service. Type two is a perfectly reasonable mindset to have. And it's only Whites with a suicide fetish that seem to think it's wrong. Type two racism is the natural state of all other races, except for Whites, and it gets a lot of people killed every day. permalink fskfsk -2 points 3 hours ago A responsible father teaches his daughter how to spread her legs for the new Muslim rulers. permalink friarfox 30 points 7 hours ago "Racist" is a term propagated by Jews for decades to promote silencing free speech under the disguise of antisemitism. Since then it's been weaponized against the white race to encourage self hate. permalink stars 0 points 3 hours ago No the term was invented by the French in the 1890s and was actually a positive term to describe identification with race but shifted too a negative term due to Nazism and the civil rights movement. permalink seeling0 22 points 8 hours ago Reality is racist. Come join us in faggy fantasyland or we'll destroy you. permalink Dallasguy 14 points 6 hours ago Why women should not be included in adult conversations. permalink canada_is_communist 10 points 7 hours ago Truth stops being the truth because you deecided so? Okay... permalink Dallasguy 8 points 6 hours ago A statistic exposing the bad behaviors of one race is still a statistic. permalink The_Emperor 4 points 5 hours ago Technically NOT a race, a Nationality. It's not racist to have problems with citizens of one country or another. How did we do WWII? permalink TruculentGoose 1 points 2 hours ago Statistic dressed as racism permalink Electricutie 7 points 7 hours ago Weird how that logic never extends to statistics differentiating between males and females permalink mathteach314159 2 points 1 hour ago You’ll need to take that one up with the bear, bigot. permalink barwhack 3 points 6 hours ago Racism that stops rape is deportation . EDIT: let's institutionalize THIS kind of racism... permalink 2020Gop 4 points 3 hours ago Decapitation also works permalink barwhack 1 points 3 hours ago Gullotines are so French, though... permalink 2020Gop 1 points 3 hours ago I'm equal opportunity, head first into a good American made woodchipper. The WoodMaxx MX-8800 is an American-made wood chipper, manufactured in Buffalo, NY. It’s a PTO-driven model with an 8-inch chipping capacity, designed for medium to large properties, featuring a patented hydrostatic infeed system and a 200 lb. flywheel for efficient chipping. permalink glow-operator-2-0 2 points 4 hours ago Racism that stops crime is 125 grains of copper jacketed hollow point. permalink barwhack 1 points 3 hours ago That's just self defense. Whitey invaders go down just the same. permalink impera 3 points 8 hours ago The next extrapolation to make is that people that try and further the continuance of racial crime gangs by calling its victims racist for noticing, are willing members of that crime gang also. permalink The_Emperor 2 points 5 hours ago Racist...what an odd thing to say. Data was about a Nationality. permalink Petes_Agate_Israel 2 points 2 hours ago “It stops being truth” https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0&pp=ygUtYmlsbHkgbWFkaXNvbiBtYXkgZ29kIGhhdmUgbWVyY3kgb24geW91ciBzb3Vs permalink Dwoj 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, to these people everything is racist! permalink The_Emperor 1 points 5 hours ago Yeah, it's Nationalismist permalink NotYourMan 2 points 6 hours ago The facts that do not match the narrative are racist. This is how liberal fascism stays in control and shuts down any change for good. permalink MaybeImaLion 2 points 6 hours ago Hate facts permalink JiggsawCalrissian 2 points 6 hours ago 'Hate facts' or the open rejection of truth in favor of ideology permalink JetJocky 1 points 1 hour ago Confucius say- "A stat that shines light on truth is no less truth if jpsy buries head in sand." permalink Comanche_Moon 1 points 3 hours ago Data is not used to spread hate. Its used to spread the truth. Deny it all you want, it is the truth and everyone should know about it. permalink Unboosted 1 points 3 hours ago Muslims are pedos. Also muslims have a saying for why they dont eat pork its "pigs are for pleasure" permalink Honkey_McCracker 1 points 18 minutes ago What race is Pakistani? permalink ApathySK 1 points 2 hours ago Canada already has laws in place for this. They call them "hate facts". permalink mathteach314159 1 points 1 hour ago I would ask them if it quadrupled their odds of dying in an a car accident by having a COEXIST bumper sticker on their car, would they still apply the bumper sticker? permalink Illah88zillah 1 points 2 hours ago Ok then were racists. Now take your rape culture,and get the fuck away from us permalink SurveilThis 1 points 30 minutes ago Stats disguised as racism are still statistics. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 3 hours ago Proud racist here. They can label me whatever they want. I know it’s not true, and God knows as well.They have actually taken all power from that word. permalink PearlyGaits57 1 points 5 hours ago If " statistics" are racist, then I am guilty. permalink 45fan 1 points 4 hours ago Communists dressed as human beings are still communists. permalink GhostOfTheRepublic 1 points 2 hours ago Racist stats save lives. permalink HumblePig 1 points 14 minutes ago When data is used to spread hate, it may be a weapon but it does not stop being true any more than a well intentioned lie becomes the truth. Racism just gets proven justified. Prosecute and get rid of the bad Pakistanis and then you have good Pakistanis (if possible) and racism stops being true. Wanna stop racism? Stop black and brown crime. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 2 hours ago Yes, the truth can become a weapon. It is used to protect the good and the innocent and to fight against those that would darken all that is light in the world. No wonder jypsy is so upset. permalink Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 3 hours ago Might be racist, but still true. I don’t like that fire burns, but it still does. permalink TooBright 1 points 4 hours ago Pakistanis and rape gangs go together like punch and pie. permalink Zippitydoodah 1 points 3 hours ago Well I am a racist permalink NazisWereSocialist 1 points 42 minutes ago Repeal the 19th permalink Bandanna1 1 points 3 hours ago This is why AI "turns racist". permalink georgia_to_texas 1 points 4 hours ago Truth called "racism" is still truth. permalink GarbageManCan47 1 points 3 hours ago Then sign me up for some of that racism! permalink Markosis17 1 points 3 hours ago There is no cure for stupid. permalink NazisWereSocialist 1 points 41 minutes ago lol I’m not listening to questions of truth from someone who doesn’t even believe in it permalink VoteThing 1 points 8 hours ago Nobody said anything about hatred. The silly progressive brought it up out of nowhere. permalink GarudaDarkblack 1 points 3 hours ago Better to be racist than retarded. permalink TheDevilMonkey 1 points 53 minutes ago She needs to be raped and murdered by a street shitting paki animal. permalink Pal360 1 points 4 hours ago It’s not that hard to determine the culture of a Pakistani male will be more inclined to rape an infidel girl, especially in honor to Allah. This is why some Indians get murdered because they look similar. permalink JWSchrecker 1 points 3 hours ago Truth doesn’t stop being truth just because someone dislikes what it shows. Data is neutral by itself, it’s just information. The problem arises not from the numbers, but from how people choose to interpret or misuse them. Calling statistics “racism” simply because they reveal uncomfortable disparities is an attempt to dismiss facts rather than confront them. If disparities exist in health, crime, income, or education, the honest path forward is to examine the causes, whether social, cultural, economic, or policy-driven, and work on solutions. Labeling the data itself as “hate” is a form of misinformation and only avoids addressing the underlying issues. Suppressing facts doesn’t fix problems, it hides them. So the key distinction is this: facts remain facts, and using them responsibly means acknowledging reality, analyzing causes, and finding remedies. Using them to highlight a disparity is not wrong, and denying or ignoring them is destructive. permalink homertone 1 points 1 hour ago Pakistanis are a race? permalink bagel_fragility 1 points 7 hours ago gypsies are 2000% more likely to steal your shit than blacks permalink EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 1 points 2 hours ago Retards using complete sentences are still retards. permalink charliesean 1 points 2 hours ago How does something stop being truth because someone says so. permalink pizzagateexpress 1 points 52 minutes ago Those are official numbers, do you reckon the real numbers skew higher or lower? permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 4 hours ago When sxtupid people are manipulated into hate and made to think its virtuous behavior, they may not think they are terrorists but the impact they have is in fact a form of terrorism. The media are Terrorists. permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 2 hours ago SHut up before i tell a Pakistani where u live slutbag. permalink treadelsewhere 1 points 2 hours ago Stop simping and tell your girl she's wrong and you don't care if she disagrees permalink God-is-good 0 points 4 hours ago That “data” is reality. Those numbers are truth. One does not get to decide truth is not truth simply because they do not like it. permalink 612 Racist stats posted 8 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 70 comments