336 Please Deport posted 5 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 26 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 14h Please meet Zara Raven, she is in the U.S. on a student visa and studying at UPenn. Here she is leading a crowd in chanting “globalize the intifada,” before the crowd started accosting police officers. Should she be deported? @DHSgov 26 comments Bullet3250 17 points 5 hours ago all Islam can go with here. permalink EvilGreed209 7 points 5 hours ago deerborn should have already been cleaned up all them faggots sent back in a box if they didn't willingly hop on the plane that night. Looks like a city of obama's foot soldiers obviously they are here for war as they parade around the town in trucks and their jihad flags.. permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 8 points 5 hours ago Everyone of them is a terrorist supporter. GTFO. permalink Salty_Sailor 8 points 5 hours ago Time to stop all VISAs, especially student visas permalink Whoopies_tds 2 points 5 hours ago Cool it with the racism because you would be requiring the black and brown people to use MasterCard and that's just bringing back slavery in the age of global warming permalink Muzzah 4 points 5 hours ago Absolutely permalink EvilGreed209 4 points 5 hours ago they should all be rounded up and shipped out with a rifle in hand to Israel. Enough blocking our streets larping if you feel some sorta way for death destruction and payback then go fight u faggots if not stfu and give us some peace. permalink IAmRetard 3 points 4 hours ago Send anybody wearing that scarf with her permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 5 hours ago All student visas should be public, in a database, so if there is any criminal activity like blocking highways, we can just search them and report them without too much trouble. It's harder to track someone down who 1. owns no property 2. isn't formally listed as part of any NGO or activist group and 3. keeps a low social media and internet profile. Those are like sleeper cells. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 5 hours ago I think this is next to the International House Philadelphia in West Philly. https://www.ihphilly.org/ The website of the IHP boasts that "161K student visa-holders were authorized to work in 2023," and "International students earned 35% of STEM master’s degrees and 41% of STEM Ph.D.s. in 2021/22." Needless to say every single one of those slots could have gone to native-born Americans. The IHP sets aside low rent apartments for students not born in the US. Americans have the privilege of paying full market rent which is around $2000 a month in Philly for a small one BR in a reasonably safe neighborhood where you don't fall asleep wondering if the bangs are firecrackers or gunshots. So IOW one investigatory starting point for ICE reports is the International House Philadelphia. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 5 hours ago FYI the Board of the International House Philadelphia has heavy hitters on the Board from the Dem law firm, Reed Smith, that gave over $400K in political donations to Dems. 94% of all of their donations go to Democrats, and they have two of their lawyers on the board of the Intl House Philly. https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/recipients?id=D000022215&cycle=2020 permalink MAPatriot1966 2 points 4 hours ago Rhetorical I presume permalink treadelsewhere 1 points 2 hours ago Don't stop after deporting illegals. We need to rewrite the laws on legal immigration too permalink Belleoffreedom OP 1 points 5 hours ago https://x.com/EYakoby/status/1957648463417520578 permalink OftenDisgusted 1 points 1 hour ago More likely she should be (culturally appropriately) stoned. permalink MiyamotoHolliday 1 points 3 hours ago Do it. Muzzies suck at gunfighting. permalink breathittbill 1 points 4 hours ago Shoot her and send back in a box. permalink LordNewport 1 points 12 minutes ago America is Christian. Muslims, Jews and Hindus should be expelled. permalink LLP2 1 points 3 hours ago Press 1 for deport. Support: "is it only your #1 key that's broken?" permalink dudebro 1 points 2 hours ago Send them both back. Get these 3,000 year old desert disputes out of our country. permalink TheMostUselessFeeder 1 points 4 hours ago Face coverings in public need to be made illegal in every state at this point. permalink CyberSolider33 1 points 4 hours ago If she can't be shot, then yea, deport her. permalink spentcoffee -2 points 5 hours ago Isnt this free speech? permalink breathittbill 3 points 4 hours ago Is that sedition? permalink spentcoffee 0 points 4 hours ago idk, they're blocking a constitutional and god given right though permalink breathittbill 3 points 4 hours ago Let me ask you. Is it your constitutional right to plan a riot against your country? I’m not talking about group carrying signs around. But groups that threaten other students, take over campus buildings and/or hold people hostage like some of them did. permalink spentcoffee 0 points 3 hours ago i'm just talking about free speech. if they commit other crimes, charge them for those crimes but free speech is free speech permalink Brownwaterboys 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 336 Please Deport posted 5 hours ago by Belleoffreedom 26 comments Eyal Yakoby @EYakoby • 14h Please meet Zara Raven, she is in the U.S. on a student visa and studying at UPenn. Here she is leading a crowd in chanting “globalize the intifada,” before the crowd started accosting police officers. Should she be deported? @DHSgov ×