958 And here it is: ONE OF THE MOST SHOCKING HIDDEN-CAMERA CONFESSIONS: “It was just like a ticking time bomb.” Alexander Boz, an official in the Office of the Mayor of Los Angeles, admits that Karen Bass and her office knew wildfires were coming—and they let it happen because there was “nothing they posted 4 hours ago by grannylovestrump 63 comments 🇺🇸RealRobert🇺🇸 @Real_RobN • 13h And here it is: ONE OF THE MOST SHOCKING HIDDEN-CAMERA CONFESSIONS: “It was just like a ticking time bomb.” Alexander Boz, an official in the Office of the Mayor of Los Angeles, admits that Karen Bass and her office knew wildfires were coming—and they let it happen because 63 comments redditadminssuckit 94 points 4 hours ago And Bass spent the whole time visiting Obama's birth country Bass is LITERALLY a Communist. She was part of a communist organization (when she was younger) that traveled to Cuba MULTIPLE TIMES to learn from Castro. Look it up. She's definitely a communist deep state mole, like the squad. permalink ESS4000 19 points 3 hours ago "Never let a crisis go to waste." permalink Owmyballz 11 points 3 hours ago "Always create a crisis to be able to exploit it". permalink The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 59 minutes ago They let the fires happen because if they put the fires out, nothing would be brought up to code. They want to enforce a green agenda but couldn't because there's were grandfathering rules in place to keep code enforcement at bay. Easier for them to let a disaster happen and enforce the codes afterwards. A house of sticks lasts forever if you replace the damage as you go... But if the whole thing burns down, I doubt you will build it out of sticks again. permalink Owmyballz 3 points 53 minutes ago No, I would build my new home out of Karen Bass's body rather than sticks. permalink hellohellohellohell 9 points 3 hours ago Does anyone have a link to that video from a month or two ago of a leaked conversation between Karen Bass and some donor right before the fires, telling him to calm down about some issue (having to do with housing, I believe) and that things would become apparent to him soon? I wonder if this video might help put that one in context? Edit: u/sorrytodisagree has it below, it was about low income housing: https://x.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/1893037313602560293 permalink Snek_Plissken 1 points 31 minutes ago well they are buying up all the property to add more low incoming housing. I say she knew what she was doing. permalink NotYourMan 2 points 55 minutes ago Democrats buy the mayor and put in a DEI hire. The DEI hire is eternally loyal to the party over the people. This is the goal of dictators like democrats. permalink makesoutbaygr8again 5 points 2 hours ago Cuba Karen permalink BahamaDon 4 points 2 hours ago Not even a mole. Just outright in the open. permalink NotYourMan 1 points 56 minutes ago In a fair place, Karen Bass would have been impeached. But the democrat party conquered the state of California as soon as they could import millions of illegal aliens. Karen Bass is responsible for the disaster created by the fires. She did it because the democrat elites told her so that they could take property away from private citizens. This is one way that democrats work around prop 13. permalink sorrytodisagree 38 points 4 hours ago "Nothing they could do" or they wanted it to happen to clear the way for affordable housing projects? Remember her suspicious leaked call days before the fires... "Read in between the lines... hold tight, you will understand soon" permalink Hikedelics 12 points 3 hours ago “Nothing they could do” but they were supposedly aware of an empty reservoir for over a year and of a litany of code violations that allegedly caused the fire to spread. So strange how they were simply unable to do any aspect of their jobs. permalink sorrytodisagree 7 points 3 hours ago They couldn't even "diversify" the leadership of the fire department beyond multiple lesbians named Kristen... permalink SavingPrivateGrace 23 points 3 hours ago Sad what happened to the people's homes and belongings and here's Boz, who sounds like Pee Wee Herman explaining your yards weren't up to code so they were too close together when built. Um, that's all the more reason water should have been on hand. Bass was in Africa getting delegates to come to LA, so her priority was about immigration, importing illegals and then providing them with delegates for what?? so they could set up little African villages in LA. I stopped listening 5 minutes in because Californians don't know how to take care of Californians and everyone wants to be a movie star best savior for the planet. The voices and communications are so pretentious and superficial. I don't have patients for it but I'm glad James Okeefe does. permalink Bigsweaties 18 points 3 hours ago Have a Great 2 Weeks Tuesday. permalink grannylovestrump OP 10 points 3 hours ago out of the doom and gloom comments this one made me laugh its funny but at the same time kind of sad that it may be true permalink notsuicidalatall 9 points 3 hours ago I may just have to decide to stop following certain laws and rules. Let's see how long I got without being arrested. permalink Illuminaughty 1 points 32 minutes ago You’ll get away with much longer if you wear a skirt and lipstick, ma’am permalink NoWinning4U 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink Now_On_to_Mars 15 points 3 hours ago All they had were lesbian firefighters, not much they could have done permalink Stanwyk74 5 points 3 hours ago With no water permalink KennethsFrequency 3 points 3 hours ago And their dried up cooz permalink This_will_be_public 4 points 3 hours ago The friction from bumping beaver in the woods is probably what actually started the fires.... permalink Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 3 hours ago Just needed some KD lang posters and the fire would have been out permalink homertone 1 points 1 hour ago And the one said that if someone gets themselves into a situation where they need men to carry them out of a fire, then that's their fault. permalink DingDongDitch 11 points 3 hours ago I lived in that neighborhood for almost 10 years. I left because I saw this coming. permalink Fusion360 11 points 4 hours ago Burn the old, build the new 15-minute cities. How many new buildings have you seen with apartments over retail? It's the game plan and it is still in operation. permalink FRONT_TOWARD_LEFT 4 points 2 hours ago I do not disagree with you on your point. Just FYI: They call those "town centers" around here (Northern Virginia). The attraction for developers is that retail and parking are built of steel and concrete on the lower floors, and the residential above is done with conventional wooden stick framing to however many floors local code allows without counting the steel/concrete lower floors against that limit. We have no shortage of hive-minded leftards willing to live in these insect colonies around here. permalink try4gain 1 points 51 minutes ago In the mid 2000s in Houston I lived in an older affordable apt in a decent part of town. The apt complex was made up of 3x different buildings all within 1 block of each other. They got the fancy idea to do what you mention. Tear down the old stuff and build some new 'apt over retail' higher end stuff. It was surely going to price us out. So they emptied the largest building and tore it down. Then found some Indian bones or something like that and so could not build shit on it. To this day that huge lot is still empty. Look up 3510 W Dallas St Houston Texas on Google maps. It was torn down 2007 or so. Lose income from kicking out tons of renters. Spend tons of cash tearing building down. Find Indians bones so now you cant re-build. ???? Profit permalink grannylovestrump OP 11 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/Real_RobN/status/1957656146501857388 permalink Maxmax 10 points 4 hours ago Then why even have a Fire Department??? permalink PapaPepe 9 points 3 hours ago Knew it was coming and took a trip to Africa permalink FlyinHeadlock 8 points 3 hours ago Bass's home was robbed last year. Two guns were stolen. She's also a physician assistant. Nobody should be fooled by this fake liberal. She is a hardcore commie and very smart. permalink Louis_1313 7 points 3 hours ago Holy fuck, I get suspicious if a girl asks how my day went. How in the hell do these guys answer straight up interview style questions and seriously consider that this chick (dude for some) is THAT interested in you!? Like how is talking about the mayor's plans and the failures of the wildfires not a giant red flag!? How are they THAT stupid!? permalink EndofQuote 2 points 2 hours ago Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, but it is pretty amazing how they just spill their guts. My guess is there are probably a lot of "dates" or whatever going on over time and a bunch of them probably do stay quiet, so OMG just keeps going until they find a loudmouth like that dude. permalink Illuminaughty 1 points 31 minutes ago Yup, you only hear the squeelers permalink utfanx2 6 points 3 hours ago Burn Loot Murder. permalink Bax101 6 points 3 hours ago I work for a public utilities company that bids contracts around the US. The Palisades was one of them before the fire. American Water Works and Microsoft Azure were also bidding. American Water Works bought Microsoft Azure cloud services in 2016. Microsoft Azure was busted with CCCP Engineers working the cloud based software. Why do you think Gavin Newsom and Bill Gates are working China? It's because they're working together for the future enslavement of our resources and control of AI. It's all about AI management and water resources. Any hack involving American Water Works is directly involved with China. Thanks to Bill Gates. This is a National security issue. I've already written to DNI. permalink COLDWARPATRIOT55 5 points 3 hours ago Why is this shocking? We all know she is a communist, hell bent on destroying anyone and everyone in the path of the sickle… permalink PoonDong 5 points 4 hours ago Blood on her hands. permalink ESS4000 5 points 3 hours ago Those are, or were, the "old money" neighborhoods, where the post-depression, post-war, east coast upper class escaped socialism and liberalism that was creeping into the eastern quadrant and New England. Just enough east of LA to avoid the movie making set and the Los Angeles scene. Are we surprised? Now, they avoid CA altogether. permalink drmrboy 4 points 3 hours ago Well this got un-stickyied quick. Why? 🤔 permalink McFatty7 4 points 3 hours ago NIMBYs are pain the ass. So they let mother nature evict people instead. permalink Georgewashingtonboat 4 points 2 hours ago OH WOW, THEY GOT THEM THIS TIME!!!! THEY ARE SO GOING TO DO NOTHING TO THEM SO HARD THIS TIME. permalink Gotmygoose 4 points 3 hours ago We're at war and they pretend it's Nature's Wrath. permalink Treefiddydiddy 3 points 3 hours ago same as 9/11 , Nov 2020 , nordstream......they LET things happen and to fuck with anyone who dies as long as it's NOT them permalink Creepy_Joe 3 points 2 hours ago How many arrests do we got so far? Zero? permalink 300BLK 3 points 3 hours ago Hard to say but fuck L.A. They voted for this. Reap the whirlwind. permalink Fromseatoshinningsea 3 points 3 hours ago Holodomor, Holocaust, Roman Empire collapse merged and perfected: Ukrainian war, bioweapon genocide, vaccine genocide, chem trail genocide, barbarian invasion, arson cities & religious institutions. Bass should be hung in public. permalink drmrboy 3 points 3 hours ago And you thought DEW and geoengineering didn't exist. Yes ... that's how they did it. 🤓 permalink 45ForEver2024 2 points 1 hour ago The Wildfires are calling from the INSIDE! permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 3 hours ago even sans water , the swamp is DEEP permalink Rock9Head 2 points 1 hour ago They lit the fire. permalink 1LoathsomeDove 2 points 19 minutes ago "I'm in the mayor's office of international affairs. We're like the social welfare." "We deal with any foreign delegations that come into Los Angeles that want to do any sort of bilateral agreements. Or just kind of make business easier between the residents here that are from there or any potential opportunities." permalink AstroLonghorn 2 points 1 hour ago I love how they’re convinced that getting Ghana a consulate in LA is SUPER important lmao permalink Scot 2 points 1 hour ago "Where is the justice system?" they ask. We all know where - it is running a judicial coup. permalink Moebius 2 points 1 hour ago A Consulate for LA in Africa? Who the fuck does she think she is... permalink JetJocky 2 points 1 hour ago Nero did something very similar to this so he could build new structures dedicated to himself in Rome. Sounds like there was some fiddling going on while LA burned too. permalink SpiderTaxi 2 points 16 minutes ago So why is she not in jail? Because she's black ? permalink BidensPrisonWallet 1 points 2 hours ago African Consulates. That's so you can direct more money to those countries in order to receive kick backs. permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 2 hours ago Why does a city have an office of international relations, something that is under the purview of the federal government. permalink King_Boobus_Toobus 1 points 1 hour ago I can't really fault the guy on the ICS training module. If you've never done one, you don't really understand how awful they are. Some robot talking through a powerpoint in a language that's about 40% acronyms. permalink Tired-Trucker 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink ferventFerret9 2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 958 And here it is: ONE OF THE MOST SHOCKING HIDDEN-CAMERA CONFESSIONS: “It was just like a ticking time bomb.” Alexander Boz, an official in the Office of the Mayor of Los Angeles, admits that Karen Bass and her office knew wildfires were coming—and they let it happen because there was “nothing they posted 4 hours ago by grannylovestrump 63 comments 🇺🇸RealRobert🇺🇸 @Real_RobN • 13h And here it is: ONE OF THE MOST SHOCKING HIDDEN-CAMERA CONFESSIONS: “It was just like a ticking time bomb.” Alexander Boz, an official in the Office of the Mayor of Los Angeles, admits that Karen Bass and her office knew wildfires were coming—and they let it happen because