799 Young Englishmen Replace Palestine Flags With St George’s Flags In London As Operation ‘Raise The Colours’ Wages On 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 posted 7 hours ago by Tongs_Ya_Bass 31 comments 31 comments Calumet57 41 points 7 hours ago accelerate permalink NotYourMan 21 points 6 hours ago We have to realize that the politicians, the leaders are purchased by outside countries with the goal of destroying the UK. Since cultural diversity doesn't exist in any form, this is a purposeful invasion to undermine the culture of the British people and replace it with an authoritarian regime. permalink Calumet57 5 points 5 hours ago Full agreement!! permalink cyberwar 18 points 7 hours ago RECONQUISTA! permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 17 points 7 hours ago Decolonize the UK. permalink Powdered_Sugar 5 points 3 hours ago Decolonize Europe. Restore our glorious Christian societies. Deus Vult! permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 14 points 7 hours ago Glad to see they're taking down the toilet paper. permalink EndofQuote 11 points 6 hours ago Burn that Palestinian pollution. permalink Elencher 2 points 2 hours ago I read that as burn that Palestinian population. permalink Say_what_again 2 points 1 hour ago I'm OK with that permalink budgsxr 10 points 5 hours ago The UK is a powder keg. permalink FusionBlack 9 points 5 hours ago These young men there and other parts of Europe are the last hope for freedom. I am afraid that its going to take other means to stop the insanity. permalink TPMJB 9 points 4 hours ago (((Who))) put up the Palestinian flags, I wonder? permalink fazaman 8 points 5 hours ago Loving your country is a hate crime!! You got a loisense for that patriotism?! permalink RealWomenLoveTrump 6 points 5 hours ago All these people are driving on the wrong side of the road. Very disrespectful. permalink Maxmax 5 points 3 hours ago Englishmen, put up your England flags. permalink Im_Not_Rattled 4 points 4 hours ago Glad to see this happening. It's a good start and will hopefully get others to work up the courage to begin to take the country back. permalink PhantomShield72 4 points 6 hours ago I see a few stiff upper lips still exist in the UK. permalink Comanche_Moon 4 points 3 hours ago Bless those men. permalink MauserShooter 1 points 46 minutes ago Wake me when they are hanging them from those light post. permalink someguy7738 1 points 2 hours ago Oi m8 u got a loicense for that flag swapping? Probably a hate crime over there tbh. permalink BurgerMan 1 points 2 hours ago If caught the police will treat them like the worst of terrorists. permalink RedCapNation 1 points 2 hours ago MORE ! permalink WikkiWikki420 1 points 2 hours ago In America, the only fucking flags I want to see are The United States of America Flag, and he different versions or reiterations throughout history of that flag, state flags that haven’t been changed to reflect influence of other nations and flags of our service branches. Flags of other nations and flags that speak of your sexual identity or preference and flags of racial nature I do not want to see on a flag pole anywhere. Let’s keep America fucking awesome!!!! KAFA permalink Elencher 1 points 2 hours ago At this point the only flag I'm interested in is the Christian Nationalists flag. permalink Stud33Heisman 1 points 2 hours ago DEUS VULT! permalink edxzxz 1 points 4 hours ago Has no one informed these retarded cucks that their tyrannical Prime Minister lives at 10 Downing Street, is mortal, and if they'd drag him into the streets for a public trial and execution their problems would be over in half an afternoon? Waving flags and marching won't do a damned thing. permalink zooty 0 points 3 hours ago The waving flags and marching is the start of banding together. Fred Biggs going and running at the metal fence at the end of Downing Street on his lunchbreak wouldn't do anything either. permalink edxzxz 1 points 3 hours ago The marches of hundreds of able bodied people waving flags would be better off doing what I suggested. Do they imagine their globohomo tyrants give a single fuck about their whining and marching? permalink zooty 1 points 2 hours ago Do you imagine that a populous wakes up one day and chooses violence? I suggest a look at the history of the US revolution. permalink Zippitydoodah 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink 799 Young Englishmen Replace Palestine Flags With St George’s Flags In London As Operation ‘Raise The Colours’ Wages On 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 posted 7 hours ago by Tongs_Ya_Bass 31 comments