1058 OOG Rooftop Korean with the heat! posted 9 hours ago by KilroyJCNJ 36 comments 36 comments RandyQuaidsBeard 46 points 9 hours ago Proof again that it's bad idea to get near Tony's sights. permalink patrioticwinning3 32 points 9 hours ago LMFAO XD Good job, roof top Korean Tony Moon breaking the stereotype that Asians aren't funny XD permalink KilroyJCNJ OP 14 points 9 hours ago If you ever have a chance to see Henry Cho, he is FUNNY AF and definitely a ‘Pede! https://youtu.be/CvkynKJ-EmA?si=KteD0CAXShd2ZWGD permalink anotherconservative 6 points 6 hours ago I remember him. Funny guy with fairly clean humor if I remember. permalink YT45 2 points 5 hours ago Steve Byrne as well. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 4 hours ago Not sure about his politics because he down talk about them. All I know was he didn't do comedy specials, his wife is from Arab, AL; and his pops worked on the nukes for the USA. permalink billybaldwin2 14 points 9 hours ago I know some businessmen and doctors with multiple phones. permalink AgnosticTemplar 13 points 7 hours ago Not to mention the government just hands then out to immigrants and criminals. permalink mydogma8yourkarma 4 points 5 hours ago Exactly why Democraps want this. 30% of their voters are illegal. Remove that and they will never "win" another election. permalink BruddahIz 8 points 9 hours ago Microsoft + "feds" via state govt + social security dept that is in charge of SSN's + anyone with VA benefits ... are quite far in creating your single - one and only - main physical phone id / main email id. It has gone way farther than you would imagine and all run by H1B's. permalink DJT4547 1 points 2 hours ago I have 2 also. Work and personal. This guy is a fucking retard. Not to mention people can buy burner phones and use them to vote. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 8 points 5 hours ago We should be making it much harder to vote, such as only male landowners over age 21. I'd be for even more restrictions such as a profession of Christian faith and military veteran. At the very least, people on government assistance should be banned from voting until they are self sufficient for at least a year. No representation without taxation, that is, no voting to raise my taxes for your freeloading when you're contributing nothing. This idea that everyone should get the right to vote just for breathing for 18 years has completely failed. permalink january20 4 points 4 hours ago I'd be happy with a literacy test. English only, of course. permalink Zippitydoodah 2 points 3 hours ago Voting age 30 permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 2 hours ago I would add business owners to the list. Only private business. No stock exchange nonsense. A business owner/ Land owner, /veteran of Christian faith, that has paid taxes for at least 5 years, and hasn't been on any assistance in 10 years. permalink MAGALADON9 6 points 5 hours ago Remember when Chairman Mao decided birds were freeloaders and they killed them all and he fucked up the entire ecosystem and caused a famine and killed more people than anyone in history? permalink rebuildingMyself 4 points 6 hours ago Yang had some good things to say but every time he was bringing up valid issues he'd veer into leftard land and it was sad to watch. Things like robots/automation is coming and we need to adapt. Good and valid topic to talk about especially back when he was saying it and good AI wasn't around yet. Then he'd go off about UBI and free gibs and then cancel himself out permalink 4WhomTheBellsTroll 3 points 9 hours ago BANG DING OW permalink Covfefebrulee 3 points 4 hours ago It’s not hard to vote. Unless you’re retarded. permalink MagaJay02 3 points 4 hours ago If we can vote by phone using personal data, then we should also be able to buy firearms and have them shipped to us with same credentials, and zero more requirements. Seeing that gun ownership is a human right, it should be equal to voting. No harder. permalink treadelsewhere 3 points 2 hours ago Voting should be reserved for: Men: Women lack the ability to make considerations outside the context of how themselves and how it makes them feel Who own property: Cuts out the riff raff who aren't contributing Over 35 years old: If you're too young to be president, you're too young to say how the country should be run. This would mean most people wouldn't be able to vote. This was basically how it was when the country was founded btw. permalink MAG_n_KAG 3 points 5 hours ago Easier to vote = easier to cheat permalink TruthWillOut 2 points 7 hours ago 🐸❤️😆🫡 permalink LLP2 2 points 3 hours ago Once, at my school, the woke put up a hallway poster for adding common Asian stereotypes. I was proud to add "all Asians are smart". It came down the next day 😁 permalink DCYR66 1 points 47 minutes ago Go Tony go! Let’s hope that clown is a very small minority. permalink knnbccb 1 points 3 hours ago The Dems know that without voting shenanigans, they would lose. Their entire party and ideology are based on fraud, bold-faced lies, sneaky half-truths, and gaslighting. They are the true basket of deplorables. permalink Bandanna1 1 points 3 hours ago I think validated polls on categories of where taxes should go would be interesting. Not sure how that would be implemented without botting/cultivating. But it would be interesting to see. No obligation to actually go the way the polls go, but if its like 90% against something and theh do it anyway, welp. Now we have written down I guess. permalink Donold 1 points 2 hours ago Asians have a 90IQ - through focused tiger parenting they raise it to 105 and can handle certain tasks like adding numbers because calculators dont exist. permalink ApathySK 1 points 2 hours ago Technically he's right. We all do banking on our phones no problem. What's weird is how the company in charge of banking is also in charge of voting and yet it always seems to mess one up, and not the other. permalink FireTheCannons1776 1 points 5 hours ago This was followed in the same breath as ID is too expensive, getting to a voting location is expensive, but I've got three phones all loaded with an AI generated picture of RealID that I show rather than actually producing the RealID that is required. permalink milpede0306 1 points 3 hours ago can we get moon at the big celebration at the while house next year. We love our Asian patriots permalink ScoonerTuna 1 points 4 hours ago wang is an idiot permalink CaptainPenguin 1 points 28 minutes ago I strongly believe voting should be a ritual, observed with respect and decorum, and in the public square (voting center) if democratic elections are the goal. Voting should not be hard, but also not so easy it becomes a joke. permalink Jack 1 points 3 hours ago only way to stop this nonsense is if President Trump, sporting the biggest shit eating grin, announces phone voting with Don Jr. as head of the initiative. permalink MAGA-Fett 1 points 5 hours ago LOL permalink Prandogolio 1 points 5 hours ago We should let kindergartners vote!! permalink hisnamewasjeffTwo 1 points 3 hours ago OMFG this is not satire???? REAL TWEET BY YOUNG Jesus Christ. Yeah, let's make it easier. 8 year olds should vote. What if someone is anxious by making choices??? Anxiety is a serious issue! Let's have people for for their family and friends with mental health issues! What if someone died 3 months before??? And they kept talking "oh i can't wait to vote for ____" for the last year?? Surely you don't want to obstruct the wishes of a dead person?? Let's have dead people vote too! permalink 9999999999 1 points 5 hours ago Politicians like Yang have policies that only morons and mouthbreathers would find appealing. Hence why they want voting to be as easy as possible. permalink least_counties_ever 1 points 3 hours ago Andrew Yang is the most stealth mode communist there is. He's actually worse than Bernie Sanders, because at least with Breadline Bernie, what you see is what you get. Andrew Yang is bro-mode communism. permalink Mungo 1 points 4 hours ago On target as usual permalink 1058 OOG Rooftop Korean with the heat! posted 9 hours ago by KilroyJCNJ 36 comments