487 If You Are A Faggot In DC, *Why Even Go Out*, Since There Is No Longer Any Chance Of Being Raped By A Brown Invader? (www.metroweekly.com) posted 2 hours ago by barwhack 81 comments ‘Miserable’: D.C. LGBTQ Venues Hit Hard by Federal Police Takeover D.C. LGBTQ bar owners report steep losses as federal checkpoints and police presence keep customers away and cut into nightlife revenue. www.metroweekly.com 81 comments MythArcana 42 points 2 hours ago If they want to talk about rape, let's turn the subject towards extreme taxation of citizens with zero representation. permalink victory2024 22 points 1 hour ago DC shouldn't have any citizens living there besides the President and VP. permalink The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 hour ago Taxation is theft. It only leads to more and more taxes. Climate change is the biggest hoax committed to fleece everyone of extra taxation that could not be accounted for. permalink BarronVonSaltzburg26 4 points 37 minutes ago Just paying my 2024 tax bill and frankly I can barely sit from the abuse. permalink Wokism 4 points 34 minutes ago Sounds like a Diddy party! permalink NY2KCMO1776 2 points 34 minutes ago I hate to post reddit links but i just woke up to this https://www.reddit.com/r/kansascity/comments/1mugsgo/johnson_county_property_tax_increase_while_county/ Keep in mind JOCO residents, we have to pay property taxes on our used vehicles every fucking year. Dont pay your taxes, cant register your car, road pirates (aka Police) are just waiting to pull you over to hit you with tickets to further fund these corrupt governments permalink 3-10 1 points 9 minutes ago Not the biggest, Social Security and Medicare are bigger scams. permalink staroframphansbhole 1 points 21 minutes ago I'd say fed employees but yeah all the retards who think DC should be a state don't understand precisely why DC was created permalink CLF3 6 points 1 hour ago As far as I'm concerned nobody that taxes for me anything can ever represent me because they're just stealing from me to support themselves while they claim to speak on my behalf. permalink NY2KCMO1776 1 points 33 minutes ago They arent even speaking on our behalf. They do shit for the illegals, LGBT mafia and lobbyist. If we even dare speak out we are arrested by their lapdog pigs. permalink nomoreprinkles 2 points 8 minutes ago Pharoah's slaves paid 20%. With property, sales and insurance (mandated) we play close to 65. permalink footinmouth 29 points 1 hour ago The amount of drugs, prostitution, and public sex acts that happen at gay clubs is insane. permalink Saxonlady 12 points 1 hour ago And you know this how? 😉 permalink barwhack OP 11 points 1 hour ago Youth and stupidity doth go hand in hand, my lady saxon... permalink Saxonlady 8 points 1 hour ago Indeed sir. Youth is also wasted on the young. sigh permalink ActNow 4 points 1 hour ago Lol. I was curious as a yut, be never that curious. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 55 minutes ago Back in our yutes they didn't have seedy gay bars, they were in the closets where they belong. permalink view 1 more comments... CleanUpPhillyTrump24 7 points 1 hour ago If you live in a blue city, you see how the gay clubs are epidemiological hot zones of insane promiscuity and addiction. permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 5 points 1 hour ago Side note... now YOU know this. permalink dukeofdoorcounty 4 points 43 minutes ago For every pitcher there's a catcher permalink LizardKingx002 5 points 1 hour ago Don't forget beastiality permalink Skogin 2 points 40 minutes ago How dare you!? permalink ActNow 5 points 1 hour ago Ok. Now I know why (according to the article) these people are afraid. Gross. permalink 9999999999 1 points 44 minutes ago There's no prostitution. They'll do it for free. permalink djentropyhardcore 1 points 43 minutes ago It's great! Government has no place in the pharmaceutical, sex services, or nudity industries. permalink HillarysFUPA 18 points 1 hour ago Lgbtqf are miserable no matter what. Who cares! permalink DontCallyMeBuddyGuy 5 points 1 hour ago Hey...Every lesbian is just a woman who hasn't found the right cock yet. And when they do they go crazy on it. permalink Kricket 4 points 1 hour ago Can you imagine being the poor cursed sonofabitch who owns one of those “right cocks”? permalink barwhack OP 1 points 1 hour ago Being sexed up by an ovulating flock of Hoe harpies, is not likely to end well... permalink barwhack OP 4 points 1 hour ago Lesbianism is the rancid-catlady gateway drug, though... permalink DontCallyMeBuddyGuy 1 points 1 hour ago It's also the most sure-fire way to fuck two chicks at the same time permalink bigdickhangsright 15 points 1 hour ago Odds are "pitchers" isn't a reference to beer or baseball. permalink victory2024 8 points 1 hour ago It's a certainty. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 1 hour ago These gay DC clubs are fronts for drugs and male prostitution, including underage teens. No one is going to go to some glory hole where ICE is on its way to arrest the trafficker illegals or feds are coming to arrest the coup-plotting gay mafia of DC. permalink Light_HIV_Effect 4 points 1 hour ago These gay DC clubs are fronts for drugs and male prostitution, including underage teens. I thought you were talking about the Senate for a second. permalink IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 hour ago Is Comet Ping Pong still safe? permalink barwhack OP 1 points 60 minutes ago Depends on if it's referencing Venus or your anus ... permalink shockpurseyell 3 points 59 minutes ago Is that “Catchers” next door? permalink FrankDuncan 2 points 38 minutes ago Around the back permalink williammcfadden 11 points 1 hour ago The real reason is that USAID money is gone, federal workers fired, corruption money gone — restaurants are closing. permalink Formerlurker92 6 points 1 hour ago Housing prices near DC are falling permalink ActNow 9 points 1 hour ago Lol. The article has a popup subscription window. It's a drag queen eating a hot dog. I kid you not. "They see these police checkpoints going up, literally beside or adjacent to our venues. And they see increased police presence all along the corridor. That’s frightening.” If you're not doing anything illegal, why be afraid? Stay home and eat a hot dog. permalink barwhack OP 2 points 1 hour ago I didn't archive it. Maybe I should have... permalink ActNow 3 points 1 hour ago Yeah, that didn't go well with my morning coffee. Hahaha. The funny thing is when I first saw it, I thought it was Cardi B. permalink SoldanoSlo 1 points 39 minutes ago More from Metro Weekly: Masked Attacker Strikes Gay Man With Rock in Northeast D.C. Police Raid Pittsburgh Gay Bar, Forcing Patrons Into Rain permalink mcoulton 6 points 1 hour ago If you are going to be arrested while blowing a dude in an alleyway, what’s the point of going out? permalink SurveilThis 4 points 56 minutes ago The entire town of DC is an LGBTQ venue. permalink skuts 3 points 1 hour ago Too bad, so sad. permalink SuperHonkey 3 points 1 hour ago What an odd thing to say .meme permalink notsuicidalatall 3 points 42 minutes ago I doubt the faggots complained during the COVID lockdowns though, amiright? permalink Herpawinski 3 points 53 minutes ago What they're complaining about is that there is a curfew for youth, so no more underage male prostitutes. And no more drug dealers so they can't do obscene amounts of drugs to psych themselves up for disgusting sex acts in public. It wasn't just the sodomy that made everyone else in civilization turn on them. permalink Shure81 3 points 1 hour ago I'll never understand why the fags just don't move to Europe... permalink 9999999999 3 points 44 minutes ago This is just fake news. The weather in DC over the weekend sucked ass. Insanely hot and humid and some brief storms rolling through. They are comparing data to the same day last year. But the weather last year at this time was much better. I'm sure some illegals are staying away, but they can't afford to drink at these places anyway. These are the places where young 30-something overpaid lawyers and government workers go to waste their paycheck rather than pay back their student loans. permalink Skogin 1 points 37 minutes ago If they were dealing drugs and sex at the fag bar, that could explain their reaction. permalink ShadowInv 2 points 1 hour ago The prices are too high, and everyone moved to apps. permalink barwhack OP 2 points 1 hour ago The internet is for [gay] porn... --Vibes permalink JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 26 minutes ago How many businesses closed permanently because of muh COVID? Fuck these faggots. Fair is fair. permalink Saxonlady 2 points 1 hour ago It's not the 70's. As long as you're not indecently attired en route to the bar, no cop is bothering you. Also, you still have protected status. permalink CaptRied 2 points 21 minutes ago FAKE NEWS . This is the time of the year when Congress and all of their staff go home. ALL restaurants and bars take hit. This is nothing new, yet because of TRUMPS crackdown on crime in DC, the Fake News is running a bunch of stories on how business are being hit. permalink barwhack OP 1 points 19 minutes ago And it's hot and literally-more-than-usual swampy and moist... permalink knnbccb 2 points 1 hour ago Is it really rape though, if it's consensual? I thought the homos would appreciate a little enrichment from imported diversity. It's like the blind opening of a mystery gift box. permalink barwhack OP 3 points 1 hour ago That was my point: it seems they are complaining BECAUSE THEY ARE SAFE. permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 1 hour ago "Go out" and buy drugs, get high, have open sex in parks with male prostitues, you know, the DC party life. permalink Snek_Plissken 2 points 34 minutes ago Well, when you take away peoples income through crime they have less spending cash. permalink rootGoose 2 points 18 minutes ago They admit the LGBTQ community is full of criminals. permalink barwhack OP 2 points 16 minutes ago ... or just [at best] full of pedo-adjacent masochists. Which it undeniably is. permalink heavyD 2 points 1 hour ago Butt Phuck. permalink barwhack OP 2 points 58 minutes ago A vietnamese guy in my Electronic Devices weedout class decades ago , had that name... permalink FrankDuncan 2 points 35 minutes ago I Worked with Phuk Yuen. permalink YT45 2 points 44 minutes ago Weird way of outing themselves… permalink HumblePig 1 points 30 minutes ago I would be MORE likely to go out at night if it were safer. I'm basically a homebody and thankfully my area is quite safe but if it weren't, it'd assure I never had an odd night out, ever. permalink aloha_snackbar22 1 points 12 minutes ago Miserable Ill allow it. permalink DCYR66 1 points 50 minutes ago I shed a tear…NOT!!!!! permalink humble_kekistani 1 points 20 minutes ago oh no your cocaine supply dried up :( permalink Right0hio 1 points 33 minutes ago Is that next door to “Catchers” bar? permalink JamesBond007 1 points 5 minutes ago Oh No. I’ll have a Diet Coke permalink Francis 1 points 31 minutes ago The gay club owner Mark Rutstein was very disappointed.... permalink aoneleggedduck 1 points 30 minutes ago Sounds like a double-win to me permalink 487 If You Are A Faggot In DC, *Why Even Go Out*, Since There Is No Longer Any Chance Of Being Raped By A Brown Invader? (www.metroweekly.com) posted 2 hours ago by barwhack 81 comments ‘Miserable’: D.C. LGBTQ Venues Hit Hard by Federal Police Takeover D.C. LGBTQ bar owners report steep losses as federal checkpoints and police presence keep customers away and cut into nightlife revenue. www.metroweekly.com