1212 I think this moment was far more important than we realize. While Trump has NATO leaders and Zelensky in a photo op, he directs their attention to a painting from that day in Butler. And all the leaders look like they just saw a ghost. posted 7 hours ago by Bob_Sacamano 156 comments Clandestine @WarClandestine • 22h I think this moment was far more important than we realize. While Trump has NATO leaders and Zelensky in a photo op, he directs their attention to a painting from that day in Butler. And all the leaders look like they just saw a ghost. Does Trump know who tried to kill him? 156 comments South_Florida_Guy 396 points 7 hours ago Remember when you faggots tried to get rid of me and now you're all here kissing my ass. Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink airborne3502 74 points 6 hours ago This is your best comment yet. 🏆 permalink mikethemarine 51 points 6 hours ago I agree, best comment ever, Trump knows who the people that tried to whack him are, and he just let them all know permalink Lunar 16 points 4 hours ago Now do JFK. Mazel tov! permalink Sig229 10 points 4 hours ago Every person in that photo that is not President Trump is going to spend eternity burning in Hell for their crimes against humanity. permalink view 1 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 8 points 4 hours ago Oy vey! permalink TrueTemper2 55 points 6 hours ago After these scumbag globalist supplicants are brought to heel, there has to be accountability for that day. There is no “statute of limitations” issue. There is no excuse for not indicting everyone who was involved in J13, the secret service (those involved) on the ground, SS leadership, other law enforcement, elected officials who conspired, FBI who met with the kid, whomever spoke to this kid, transferred payment into his overseas accounts, placed the puts against Trump owned entities just before, and those involved at CNN who decided to cover the rally live, etc. permalink MySidesGoUp 24 points 6 hours ago Over 40% of the country “works” for govt… permalink HKgoneWild 14 points 5 hours ago And what percentage doesn't work at all and persists on gibs? permalink 45fan 10 points 5 hours ago He did say "government", didn't he? permalink view 1 more comments... Meddlesom 1 points 2 minutes ago They're the same number. permalink Treefiddydiddy 4 points 3 hours ago the 'kid' from the blackrock ads...........and here we are with larry fucking fink joining the Wef.............we should be at WAR with them , not Russia / Iran and the rest permalink TheMostUselessFeeder 23 points 4 hours ago What's funniest about this is that the leftist acquaintances I stay in loose touch with for the fun of it straight up believe this is a Zelensky revenge trip and he brought all the world leaders to KICK DRUMPFS ASS 😂 after "Putin made him his bitch"... There's no end to their delusion. permalink Ifeargovtmorethan 7 points 4 hours ago Beyond retarded....you can tell from the body language and non-verbals he is 100% in control. permalink Klaus73 -13 points 4 hours ago I mean..did Trump really stand up to Putin in Alaska? At all? As i understand it Trump came out of the meeting with “give Russia most of what they’ve taken and they’ll stop.” Which is a far cry from how he was talking a month ago. permalink Decepticons-superior 9 points 3 hours ago Sorry but Russia has the moral high ground in this war. How would we like it if China (or Russia) installed a puppet leader in Mexico, built 14 bio labs all over the country, and then tried to get Mexico to join a military alliance thats sole purpose is to stop American imperialism? Think we’d have a problem with that? permalink Zippitydoodah 4 points 3 hours ago Exactly!! Western globalist faggots took control of Ukraine back in the "orange revolution" and then the Euromaiden, and have been using it as a personal money laundering service ever since. Putin is justified permalink Rabid2A-Anti-Commie 1 points 44 minutes ago Don’t forget Mexico launching artillery strikes sporadically into San Diego because that is La Raza’s just territory. permalink monkadelic 3 points 3 hours ago Since you ended the sentence in a question mark, the answer is, you have no fucking clue what happened. If you want to believe something as retarded as putin made trump his bitch, there are other forums for you. permalink DaayTerkErJerbs 3 points 2 hours ago Thats the only deal your going to get. How is that hard to understand. That lands gone. Ukraine couldnt move the lines nor stop advancement with 500 billion in weapons, all of nato helping as advisors, an Ukraine lost all their fighting aged males. Nothing short of US going in to take we it back will work an nobody in the US cares enough to die for it. It's not our problem. The only thing u can do at this point is hope Russia stops taking more land. Thats the best option u have. Next time don't fuck around or yah might find out. Western countries wrote papers 25 years ago saying if the US tried to move into Ukraine Russia would respond. So they moved into Ukraine an Rissia responded. They knew it would happen an rolled the dice anyways. Bunch of jackasses. permalink Klaus73 -1 points 2 hours ago Its not a matter of understanding; as you put it; unless the US is willing to put up a fight then Russia wins; that's all there is to it. The important thing to recognize is that Russia wins and the US isn't going to resist that. I don't necessarily see this as 100% bad; but folks got to stop acting like countries invading other countries is generally acceptable and that a country is somehow in the wrong for going down swinging; if the shoe was on the other foot and it was the US I wouldn't expect you guys to give up a few states either. I don't like Z-bee but I can relate to his position he is in because the Ukrainians got something they call theirs and now its being torn from their hands and you got a 3rd party saying to just let them keep it; but I see little incentive for them to cease aggressions for more then a few years. I know the US doesn't like to hear this but being Schrodinger's tough guy is becoming less and less effective. The US often brags how it protects the world and keeps the peace through its military might; but Russia just pointed out it was an act and called the US bluff - they will gladly take only a bit of territory for now; just in the same way the democrats only took a "few" laws for now - slowly pushing the boundaries further and further. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 10 points 3 hours ago ︎ That little midget D I C T A T O R Zelensky was flying around in the U.S. only one or two weeks before the Butler rally like he was in a coke binge. ︎ I put my money on that little bitch organising those TWO assassination attempts. ︎ permalink Treefiddydiddy 4 points 3 hours ago there is no low these heeb pricks will not stoop to , and he's already half way there permalink cook_does 3 points 4 hours ago Exactly this Florida man! Bravo. I love that he is making that his negotiation point. permalink KingT1 97 points 7 hours ago I think more tellings is those who did not even look permalink Wornout 13 points 5 hours ago Ahhh a "Mentalist" moment... permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 24 points 5 hours ago I've always thought Ukraine was behind it, just for the sheer fact that there were so many Ukraine connections to the assassins -- especially the second guy. (We still don't know anything about the first guy) What a perfect time for President Trump to point out this picture, with Zelensky standing right next to him. permalink CommieCucker 3 points 4 hours ago It may have been 'through' Ukraine, but they weren't the brains permalink Gyrfalcon 2 points 2 hours ago The SIZE of the pix is interesting. permalink WhoMeTwo 2 points 4 hours ago 🕔👀 permalink TidewaterYank 1 points 3 hours ago Red John has entered the chat permalink Wind-chasing_luhua 10 points 5 hours ago Starmer permalink CommieCrats 4 points 4 hours ago Rothschild, Charlie, the Canada guy, the old Canada guy, starmer, gay Muslim lovers permalink Sgt_Hulka 2 points 4 hours ago Yeah. Macron probably didn’t hear him. I don’t think this shows what the OP thinks. But that’s just me. permalink FinishTheBorderWall 1 points 3 hours ago This is some Q tard level posting by the guy on X permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 1 points 3 hours ago ︎ Macron MAY or MAY NOT have the language barrier excuse. ︎ Great point though. ︎ permalink chede 88 points 7 hours ago That interpretation is making a mountain out of a molehill. permalink RealmanPwns 33 points 7 hours ago seconded permalink Viewer01 13 points 6 hours ago You really think zelensky didn’t try to have Trump killed? He’s by far the most obvious suspect. Never mind the second shooter pulled a Oswald and went to Ukraine for training. permalink UncleSlayton 29 points 6 hours ago The most obvious suspect is the FBI that personally cleaned up the crime scene, something they never do. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 3 points 3 hours ago ︎ Nah, there were just illegally cleaning up, 'cause Biden ordered them to do so. ︎ Zelensky, ( & Biden? ), maybe working with the CIA/MI6. ︎ permalink ColoRobo 13 points 5 hours ago That’s not what they’re saying. They’re saying this person who posted this is completely making up a narrative and a bunch of dumb shits are eating it up. They’re all standing for a group photo. Trump gestures towards a painting while mumbling something about it. Half of the people who barely speak and understand English glance at the painting. Engagement farmer on X 100% makes up a narrative and gets paid. permalink spezisacuckold 5 points 5 hours ago But it's provocative. It gets the people GOING permalink view 4 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 4 points 4 hours ago All Trump said was “that wasn’t a good day”. Only a few people heard him. Agree this is a nothing burger. permalink tralbolh 1 points 3 hours ago Not a good day, that was not a great day. I think permalink MrCuriousGuy513 7 points 5 hours ago I don’t think people realize how broke Communist Europe actually is. I don’t think people realize how broke The UK actually is… I also don’t think people realize how desperate those two entities are with the dream of getting their money back they’ve invested in America from WWII. Before Zelenskyy, we had an election stole by foreign bad acting countries that called us “Friends.” You do recall a fuss about a lot of money would be lost by Trump winning in 2020 and taking office, right? If so, was there any change or do they stand to lose more money? I would bet a lot more now. I believe Trump is pissed but in a happy way. permalink RealmanPwns 4 points 4 hours ago The "interpretation" was " And all the leaders look like they just saw a ghost." - I just don't see that when I watch. There was no mention of Z wanting Trump killed in this post. permalink Sgt_Hulka 1 points 4 hours ago No. Zelenskyy is a muppet. He wouldn’t have the balls to do anything like that. He’s a non-entity on the global stage. Everyone knows it. permalink Spotlight 17 points 7 hours ago For sure reminds me of the post that some congressman has some witness "literally shaking" permalink jhewish 9 points 6 hours ago Correct, this dude is like Qfag prime. Also, the EU president isn't smiling (not in a nervous way) permalink eddieblasphemy 4 points 6 hours ago gotta keep that engagement up somehow permalink brainphreeze 4 points 6 hours ago Good reminder that a lot of people talk absolute shit on the internet permalink TheGreenDragon 19 points 7 hours ago That was a master play, the look on their faces. permalink ColoRobo 26 points 6 hours ago What look? They all glanced over. permalink Electrocutioner 20 points 5 hours ago What do you mean? They all turned white as ghosts which blinded anyone who looked at them and then literally started to shake so much that the floor tiles came loose. Also, everyone clapped and gave the cameraman $100 dollar bills. permalink ColoRobo 2 points 5 hours ago My bad. permalink MrJinxy 2 points 5 hours ago True. They are professional liars. permalink stylecouncilor 17 points 7 hours ago Very Hamlet. permalink AOCs_tits_again 10 points 7 hours ago This guy Shakespeares. permalink Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago Hey I didn't use that much ear poison! permalink ThePatriotGames2016 15 points 7 hours ago seems like Macron was the only one who didn't look at all. Guilty. I bet this is the only reason they were invited, to do that. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 5 points 6 hours ago His mommy-wife wasn't there to tell him to stand straight and look right through it. Macron is a placeholder. permalink Angeleno 2 points 5 hours ago dad permalink MemeToDeath2021 1 points 5 hours ago Note that exact time of Butler event was July 14, 2024 in Switzerland which is +6 hours. Who is in Switzerland? Macron's former bank employer. Also, July 14 is Bastille Day in France. Setup and orders to do it came from Switzerland, relayed via MI-6 in London to US operatives. permalink monkadelic 1 points 3 hours ago Huh? how can you possibly know this? permalink TheAftermath 15 points 6 hours ago They didn't want to look. They knew. They were told beforehand by their C.I.A. handlers. 'We're taking care of him, don't worry. He won't live past Butler!' But they fucked it up. And President Trump knew who tried to murder him. When you aim to kill the King, you better not miss. permalink ColoRobo 13 points 6 hours ago They didn’t want to look because they were having their picture taken. I’m all about supporting Trump. I’m all about some good conspiracy. But y’all look retarded on this one. Clandestine is engagement farming and 100% making shit up. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -5 points 6 hours ago Okay Boomer permalink ColoRobo 8 points 5 hours ago How does that even apply? I mean, I’m not a boomer so you’re wrong on that part but also, but seriously, you all look retarded on this shit. Dude is 100% making shit up for engagement and a large portion of dipshits are eating it up. There is plenty of genuine conspiracy going on without having to make shit up. “Keeptherepublic1776” fucking glow fag of a name right there. Glow fag. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -3 points 5 hours ago I don't believe it. It just fucking hate boomers. permalink view 2 more comments... keeptherepublic1776 -4 points 5 hours ago Your wife says different.you cuck faggot permalink view 1 more comments... keeptherepublic1776 -4 points 5 hours ago Get a fucking grip. permalink view 1 more comments... Shure81 2 points 1 hour ago This is the correct answer permalink TheAftermath 1 points 18 minutes ago It is, thanks. permalink Calumet57 12 points 7 hours ago GEOTUS Master of the Universe permalink Nezock_theKnight 1 points 3 hours ago Dick "Skeletor" Blumenthal enters the chat permalink midwestdeplorable 12 points 6 hours ago TF is this stickied? permalink Sgt_Hulka 8 points 4 hours ago Imaginary BS from Clandestine gets stickied a lot here. permalink Electrocutioner 10 points 5 hours ago Ah yes, another post with a headline and video that is completely trash. Ohhh man this moment was soooo important we don't even realize it guys!!1! Trump pointed to a picture and people turned their head to see what the hell he was mumbling about. Absolute proof they tried to kill him! permalink Cmon 4 points 3 hours ago Surprised I had to scroll down this far to see this opinion on the post. A bunch of people here saying it was a 4d chess move by Trump when all it looked liked was an awkward moment during a photo with the other leaders. permalink tflst5 10 points 6 hours ago Its a total alpha move. He is basically saying to them - people will remember me, i'm a part of history. you will all be forgotten. This meeting was the EU negotiating its surrender. They've been facilitating this war with Russia.. after being the ones to goad Russia into it. They failed to break Russia.. and then they lost the US's support. The only thing that would have made the moment better would have been to have Merkle, that fucking lemon from the UK Boris, etc.. all there to face their humiliation instead. permalink ColoRobo 8 points 6 hours ago Oh wow, everyone glances to their right to look at whatever Trump is pointing out while having their picture taken. aLl tHe LEadErS lOok LikE ThEY sAw a gHoST. Some of you need to take a break. permalink LibtardsAreTrash 3 points 5 hours ago You're right. Won't blend in well with all the ass kissing going on, but you're still right. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -2 points 6 hours ago Typical boomer permalink ColoRobo 2 points 6 hours ago How does that even apply? I mean, I’m not a boomer so you’re wrong on that part but also, but seriously, you all look retarded on this shit. Dude is 100% making shit up for engagement and a large portion of dipshits are eating it up. There is plenty of genuine conspiracy going on without having to make shit up. “Keeptherepublic1776” fucking glow fag of a name right there. Glow fag. permalink Protonboy 7 points 6 hours ago Macron is cringing, thinking "Oh, I just know he's going to bust me! I just know it!!" permalink monkadelic 1 points 3 hours ago That, or he's posing for a photo like everyone else and doesn't see what Zelensky and Trump are doing. Making everything a conspiracy makes us look stupid, and waters down actual shit thats happening. This is nothing. permalink flp999 7 points 7 hours ago Yeah boyeeee! Excellent post. permalink MemoryHoleyeO 6 points 6 hours ago Red dinner would have been a crazy plot twist permalink Bramage 4 points 6 hours ago uk pm is a complete traitorous beta FAGGOT. permalink Duce30 4 points 5 hours ago It was our own 3 letter agencies that tried and failed not these globalist scumbags. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 4 hours ago Honestly it was the weapon makers and neocons. Endless wars=unlimited money. Bankrupt nations and make them weak. Who gains? permalink tholinz 3 points 6 hours ago It's hilarious that he has that painting set up in such a prominent place, to remind all his enemies of their failure. They're going to be telling stories about President Trump a thousand years from now. He's going to go down in history as one of this country's most memorable leaders permalink rivetjoint2 3 points 6 hours ago The globalists, certainly have the motive. permalink stillbringingitback 3 points 5 hours ago Same ppl who killed Kennedy: The Intelligence Agencies. permalink TheGeneral 3 points 3 hours ago What a conclusion to draw from a ten second video. permalink Saxonlady 3 points 6 hours ago Sometimes Trumps Trumpisms get my brain slipping sideways. Then someone here comes along and shows something that Trump himself reminds us about. That man should be dead but he is not and it's for a reason. My brain is back on track. Thanks OP 💗 permalink TheAftermath 2 points 6 hours ago Well said. permalink MrJinxy 3 points 5 hours ago I hear The Godfather Theme song. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 4 hours ago I hear rains of castemere. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 2 points 6 hours ago This was Trump's "letter" moment to Five-Eyes and Friends? permalink TheAftermath 2 points 6 hours ago Exactly. Reference to the Bush funeral letter noted. permalink ThatsDoable 2 points 5 hours ago So little is being done that we are now grasping at any straw we can get and it gets stickied. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 6 hours ago He should have asked them if any of them have email evidence that could get Hillary Clinton Jailed. permalink Choppermagic 2 points 3 hours ago Italy PM was probably hoping to meet up with Elon again. permalink Constitution_1788 2 points 4 hours ago How could they not all gasp. They’re all being hunted by someone. Very profound moment. Starmer didn’t gasp… permalink JetJocky 2 points 1 hour ago Macron is so annoying. He always tries to get as close to Trump and slightly in front of him as he can. It's very obvious, he is such a pipsqueak. permalink Gnometard 2 points 5 hours ago They don't look like they've seen a ghost, they look normal. Being a Qtard only helps the communists permalink spez_this 2 points 6 hours ago I think I heard a few of them mumble under their breath, "It could have been a good day for us." permalink Megascandal 1 points 44 minutes ago All of them know on some level that a higher power protected him. They know of course about the deliberate holes in security that the Biden admin left. They may have even known in advance that Trump was to be assassinated, though I doubt any but the UK or Zelensky could have been active participants in the attempt. Also, many of them have long Rejected Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior. They chose much darker powers to rise to their positions, and that is why they push such universally hated and abhorrent stuff like transgenderism. permalink lotxe777 1 points 2 hours ago Cheese permalink Eurpoean 1 points 27 minutes ago What a fucking dumb tweet. permalink MemeWarsVet 1 points 2 hours ago How fucking great is that that? He has a huge picture displayed of himself just after getting shot. WOW. permalink jsphere256 1 points 3 hours ago Everypne knows that Europeans have stormtrooper aim permalink DJTLandSlide2020 1 points 22 minutes ago Daddy Big Ballz of all these clowns! permalink redditadminssuckit 1 points 5 hours ago Notice the smirk on the Kraut. SHE knows who tried permalink blue5707 1 points 3 hours ago Macron wouldn’t even look. permalink Seeing_Red 1 points 2 hours ago He’s the one I first thought of permalink RoosterRaiser 1 points 2 hours ago Totally off topic but Clandestine has blocked me. I'm dumbfounded why. My X account is very benign and seldom used other then to read threads. permalink Donold 1 points 4 hours ago everything goes back to protecting Israel. permalink borisborscht 1 points 4 hours ago You were supposed to kill me but look now I'm leading the pack permalink Obambi 1 points 4 hours ago England permalink Counterwhat 1 points 5 hours ago Zekensky has fingerprints all over that one. Money makes people crazy permalink knnbccb 1 points 1 hour ago The same folks who cooked up the 'Russian collusion' dossier against Trump. There are enemies, foreign and domestic. These are the foreign ones. But they could do nothing without accomplices on the domestic side. Similar to the Covid scamdemic: Fauci could do nothing without China and Tedros also pulling their shift. permalink SisterCovfefe 1 points 6 hours ago Uh huh. They totally didn't notice the image when they walked into the room. permalink keeptherepublic1776 1 points 3 hours ago That is the dumbest thing to say. You just keep posting the men with save America permalink Norwegianskier 0 points 5 hours ago I think they are just flabbergasted because Trump throws them off their game. Trump plys mindgames. Just like what you saw with Putin and the bomber. I dont think this is enough to say that a western leader tried to kill Trump, but it might be true permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 0 points 6 hours ago Absolutely looked like a setup, a reason for everything, no coincidences. We are watching a movie!!! 🍿 permalink Saxonlady 1 points 6 hours ago Today, a GREAT movie. Fify 😉 permalink TrumpLandslide20201 0 points 2 hours ago Now they know he knows. They are all Guilty even the cute little Italian that rolls her eyes all the time. permalink YouAreIgnorant 0 points 4 hours ago Which of them was in on it? permalink preferredfault 0 points 4 hours ago They don't even want to look at it. They know it was a failure they were part of and now have to be where they are today because of it, rather than having Kamala lapdogs doing their bidding. permalink Brownwaterboys 0 points 2 hours ago zelensky tried to kill him permalink Tokens_Worth 0 points 3 hours ago I think someone in that room, or more than one, was aware of the plan to kill him. Remember that CNN NEVER went to rallys, and one random BUTLER PA rally they show up front and center with cameras rolling..... SOMEONE KNEW. permalink Crappydatum 0 points 2 hours ago I didn't see any ghost looks. I saw several who refused to look permalink YouAreIgnorant -1 points 4 hours ago Notice they are all White and Non-Jewish. SINCE YOU ARE SO INTO 'NOTICING' THINGS. permalink Crappydatum -1 points 2 hours ago Downvoted OP for being stupid and meaningless permalink 4vengersoul -3 points 5 hours ago Don't forget the envelopes given during Bush's funeral.... We going down the QAnon garbage again? permalink TheDarkEmperor 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1212 I think this moment was far more important than we realize. While Trump has NATO leaders and Zelensky in a photo op, he directs their attention to a painting from that day in Butler. And all the leaders look like they just saw a ghost. posted 7 hours ago by Bob_Sacamano 156 comments Clandestine @WarClandestine • 22h I think this moment was far more important than we realize. While Trump has NATO leaders and Zelensky in a photo op, he directs their attention to a painting from that day in Butler. And all the leaders look like they just saw a ghost. Does Trump know who tried to kill him? ×