398 ‘Orwellian’ firing at the American Journal of Economics and Sociology for publishing a climate skeptic paper. Marty Rowland PhD was fired from the American Journal of Economics & Sociology for the peer-reviewed paper 'Carbon Dioxide & a Warming Climate are not problems'. (wattsupwiththat.com) posted 7 hours ago by rdvs34283 13 comments ‘Orwellian’ firing at the American Journal of Economics and Sociology for publishing a climate skeptic paper Journal editor fired for publishing the peer reviewed paper of a “climate denier.” wattsupwiththat.com 13 comments flp999 12 points 7 hours ago No words of truth shall be published. permalink seeling0 7 points 7 hours ago Apostasy! Stone the heretic to appease Gaia's wrath! permalink Votingnerd 6 points 6 hours ago Access to paper here without login https://www.researchgate.net/publication/381013579_Carbon_dioxide_and_a_warming_climate_are_not_problems permalink crashdaddy 3 points 6 hours ago Thank you for your service. o7 permalink cyberwar 4 points 7 hours ago the only problem is a colder climate and earth is between 2 ice ages permalink DaninElkhart 3 points 6 hours ago "American Journal of Economics and Sociology" You can stop right there. permalink fazaman 3 points 5 hours ago But all scientists and papers agree that carbon dioxide is going to kill us all! (Because anyone who didn't agree was fired and their papers never published) permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 6 hours ago Marty Rowland = actual scientist who knows what the word means. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 3 points 5 hours ago Climate cult still going strong it seems. Such a dumb religion permalink Rucktoe 2 points 6 hours ago We learned many years ago that the shysters used mob like tactics against any publication that went against the narrative. permalink TheWoodsman 2 points 4 hours ago 98% of employed scientists agree! permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 5 hours ago And this is how they get to say 96% of scientists agree that climate change is a big problem. permalink DJT4MoreYears 1 points 2 hours ago Climate cult is all a money grift under the guise of "saving the planet" just like so many other grifts. permalink 398 ‘Orwellian’ firing at the American Journal of Economics and Sociology for publishing a climate skeptic paper. Marty Rowland PhD was fired from the American Journal of Economics & Sociology for the peer-reviewed paper 'Carbon Dioxide & a Warming Climate are not problems'. (wattsupwiththat.com) posted 7 hours ago by rdvs34283 13 comments ‘Orwellian’ firing at the American Journal of Economics and Sociology for publishing a climate skeptic paper Journal editor fired for publishing the peer reviewed paper of a “climate denier.” wattsupwiththat.com