736 High School boys suspended for being uncomfortable with female in male locker room. More harrassment of children for being normal! This satanic ideology needs to be treated seriously and put to a REAL stop immediately. Reclassify Trans as a Mental Illness!! (www.nationalreview.com) posted 8 hours ago by Arwen777 56 comments Loudoun County School Suspends Boys Who Expressed Discomfort with Female in Men’s Locker Room | National Review LCPS’s Title IX Office determined last week that the two boys committed sexual harassment and sex-based discrimination. www.nationalreview.com 56 comments pookiee68 43 points 7 hours ago WHERE ARE THE FUCKING FATHERS OF THESE CHILDREN??!!! WHERE IS THE ASS BEATING THAT IS REQUIRED HERE?????!!!! WHAT. THE. FUCK. permalink Arwen777 OP 20 points 7 hours ago Exactly. I don't get why more parents don't kick the shit out of the teachers and principles of these schools. WHY are so many parents so damn weak today? WHY do so many people just seem to bend over and take it?! permalink NotYourMan 16 points 6 hours ago Because they will end up in jail like the Jan 6th non-violent protesters. They will end up in jail for months without a trial. This has all the hallmarks of authoritarian fascism. Remember democrats calling republicans fascists is really just democrats saying that is what they are doing. permalink 45fan 6 points 5 hours ago They can't jail everyone. permalink iamherefortheluls 13 points 5 hours ago That's because you don't have any kids of your own. You sperg out, you go to jail, get fired, you family loses the house while you are looking for a new job, CPS may come take your kids too. Depending on how far you take it, your kids are now getting passed around by government workers to whichever pedo bribes them while you stew in prison Good job 'protecting' your family by being a complete retard. permalink HumblePig 6 points 4 hours ago I get the sentiment but all this "If it were MY kid, you couldn't STOP me from putting the perp in the ground!" assumes all judges are as based as Gary Plauche's. Most of us would like our children to grow up with fathers in the home. permalink iamherefortheluls 2 points 3 hours ago This is more of a case where these kinds of problems do not get solved long term via violence. In fact, violence tends to just funnel more political power into the school admin's hands. The solution is political engagement at the local and state level to identify and disenfranchise the people pushing these policies. Aka applying long term effort and work ethic to solve your problems. permalink view 1 more comments... conservativefrank 1 points 18 minutes ago Nope. If it were my kid, he wouldn't be at a leftist school under the thumb of leftists. permalink osculate_posterior_p 5 points 4 hours ago That’s exactly what we mean when we talk about being a wage slave or a debt slave. When you’re in debt for your house, your car, and you can’t act freely according to your conscience permalink iamherefortheluls 4 points 3 hours ago your point compounds this, but lets be clear - even if you are not in debt and your house is paid off, you are not going to improve things for you family by going into your kid's school and throwing hands. All potential outcomes of that are just going to make things worse for your family. You want to punish your school, you get involved locally to get political control of the school board, you push your state for education voucher systems and you do all you can to erode their guaranteed funding and limit their power. Of course all of that requires long term effort and dedication to your chosen cause, not just throwing a fit one day. Edit: btw these kinds of reactions are why women tend to be more effective in modern society when it comes to influence. Most men react with an impulse to violence and if that doesn't work, they stew in anger, give up and forget. Women look for all other options to apply pressure, commit themselves to far less drastic but long term activism campaigns and even small groups of such people organizing and putting in a little bit of consistent effort over the course of several years, often eventually moves districts and states. I wish men learn to out-grind these bureaucracies the same way. permalink view 1 more comments... keeptherepublic1776 7 points 7 hours ago Exactly. This shit happens to my kids everyone involved will wish they weren't. My first words to them would be. I am willing to go to jail to protect my kids. . Shit I'm willing to die. permalink AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 3 hours ago good luck raising your kids from a jail/grave. permalink keeptherepublic1776 -1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you boomer permalink NotYourMan 4 points 6 hours ago 100% this is liberal fascism at work. Forcing everybody to follow the trans agenda created to oppress the people and sterilize young men. permalink RexCollumSilvarum 4 points 5 hours ago Statistically, something like 40% of the fathers were kicked out of their kids' lives thanks to the divorce industry. All by design. permalink RedCapNation 1 points 3 hours ago I often wonder this. It’s all a simulation. permalink Mintap 24 points 7 hours ago They got suspended because the girl was in the locker room recording a video of them with her phone as they changed. permalink Ilanna 20 points 5 hours ago Whatever the specific, these boys have a right to expect no women just as women have a right to expect no men. Im glad these boys spoke up for themselves. permalink IncredibleMrE1 1 points 3 hours ago Wow, that's incredibly misogynistic. You some kind of patriachy-supporting Nazi, applying the same male standard to women? permalink FutureFreemason 2 points 1 hour ago Would be nice if there were things we didn't make the same joke out of everything. permalink TheImpossible1 1 points 42 seconds ago Holy fucking shit. And her scum kind project so hard that the boys forced to be girls are perverts when they're fucking fujos. permalink Flounder 18 points 7 hours ago Men should collectively voice that we don't want these fake men in our spaces. permalink keeptherepublic1776 11 points 7 hours ago Most are still afraid to speak up unfortunately permalink Juantinntwo 15 points 5 hours ago Background, same county you already heard about with the dude wearing a skirt (not even transitioning pills, just wearing a skirt) sexually assaulting one girl in the girls bathroom, then being swept off to another school to bury the negative PR for the district where he did it again to another girl. This specific case happened last year. The girl tranny got in school suspension for recording the boys in their locker room, which is against school policy to have phones out and to record others, but illegal in the bathroom/changing room. The boys can be heard saying “I’m so uncomfortable right now…” and “why is there a girl the boys locker room” and “get out of here” the video I was was clipped so maybe there was more, but I haven’t seen any mention of physical contact between the boys and the girl tranny. The boys were suspended out of school and are facing title IX charges. There were 3 boys charged and all cited religious believes when school investigated. Two are Christian and 1 is Muslim. One of the boys charges got dropped, you can guess which one… I haven’t heard any updates on this, but it seems to me like the Title IX charges should be on the school district and not on the boys. permalink ShadowInv 1 points 5 minutes ago The first case, the boy and girl were boyfriend/girlfriend and all that so who knows if it was even true or just a revenge cry of rape. permalink TheImpossible1 1 points 3 seconds ago Where are you bringing up fake femroach stories when this is about male victims of femroach perversion? permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 15 points 5 hours ago The boys need to sue. They have a winning lawsuit on their hands permalink Psalm-118_24 9 points 5 hours ago Until 1973 homosexuality was classified as a mental health problem. The APA is responsible for the start to glorifying ALL the perversion. permalink tt777 1 points 32 minutes ago The APA can classify whatever they want. I still classify it as a mental health problem. permalink Dwoj 8 points 7 hours ago Ridiculous!! permalink FireTheCannons1776 5 points 5 hours ago Why is it always the same county? Is there something in the water that makes men shrink? In my day, we'd be pulling it out and making her scream and run to the girls changing room. Farting would be mandatory. Pissing from 6 feet away with our hands in the air. It would have been a locker room actual women would fear. permalink ShadowInv 1 points 2 minutes ago Huge county of rich people permalink Scot 4 points 4 hours ago It always was classified as a mental illness - until the satanic took over the profession. permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 4 points 3 hours ago Completely demolish public schools and burn the remains to ash. We don't need them. Make parents be parents again. Make kids normal again. Government-run education was one of the worst ideas of the modern era. Have we "learned our lesson" yet? permalink fazaman 4 points 5 hours ago It already is a mental illness. It's classified as such. If it wasn't, they wouldn't be able to get "treatment". The problem is that the "accepted treatment" for this mental illness is unlike any other, and that's to go a long with it and "affirm" it. permalink magamagamaga123 4 points 5 hours ago Trump should send in the National Guard and take over the school district. This is how absurd things have gotten. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 2 hours ago Honestly the first thing that occurred to me was, "that must have been one ugly troon" because my degenerate football buddies would've welcomed any reasonably attractive female into the locker room showers even if she dressed like a boy. That's not really funny, but I am glad that these kids stood up for themselves and had the weirdo kicked out rather than peeping at "its" female parts in the shower. I think some of the young kids out there are getting tired of all this gross crap being pushed at them. permalink 1777 2 points 3 hours ago Correct: reclassification. The DSM5 was changed in 2012: https://archive.ph/Bb9ph Mental institutions are coming back too and when the APA (American Psychiatric Association) gets an inch the take a mile. It’s our next big fight. permalink YouAreIgnorant 2 points 4 hours ago Its all aimed to make us violent so they can justify what they have planned next. permalink Choppermagic 1 points 2 hours ago Ill bet these boys wanted to be respectful and now are taught to just leer at girls changing. Good job wokesters permalink conservativefrank 1 points 19 minutes ago She has to use the make locker room because she's uncomfortable in the female locker room. The boys have to be suspended because they're uncomfortable with a girl in their locker room. See how it works? Only her discomfort must be addressed. BTW, she'll some day claim harassment because boys are walking around naked in the locker room. permalink Laffing_Again 1 points 16 minutes ago Where does democrat gubernatorial candidate, Abigail Spanberger, stand on this issue? permalink 181degrees 1 points 43 minutes ago I wouldn't normally mind if a female wanted to use the male locker room. But if its a trans male, they're usually not what 99.99% of males would consider attractive. permalink Agent_86 1 points 2 hours ago Because it is a mental illness. permalink TheImpossible1 1 points 2 minutes ago Why are women invading men's spaces AGAIN. Fucking creep hopped up on gay fanfiction. permalink deleted 1 points 8 hours ago Arwen777 OP 2 points 8 hours ago I honestly agree with you! permalink 783hz 1 points 3 hours ago It already is classified as a mental illness. I accurately call these people gender dysphoria victims, otherwise I say transvestites permalink CastIronBeaver 1 points 3 hours ago I'd be swingin' my cock around like tassels on stripper titties. Yo "Bobby", check this out. What's the problem? Your Mom lkes it! permalink redditadminssuckit 1 points 5 hours ago Home school permalink SenorTrumper 1 points 2 hours ago I need a picture of her. Betcha she has a new name like Spike or Butch. permalink deleted 0 points 6 hours ago xanax123 1 points 5 hours ago What? Wtf does this have to do with anything? permalink 736 High School boys suspended for being uncomfortable with female in male locker room. More harrassment of children for being normal! This satanic ideology needs to be treated seriously and put to a REAL stop immediately. Reclassify Trans as a Mental Illness!! (www.nationalreview.com) posted 8 hours ago by Arwen777 56 comments Loudoun County School Suspends Boys Who Expressed Discomfort with Female in Men’s Locker Room | National Review LCPS’s Title IX Office determined last week that the two boys committed sexual harassment and sex-based discrimination. www.nationalreview.com