491 🦄 Newsom's @GovPressOffice Manager Izzy "CAPS GUY" Gardon: Trolling Trump, with $40 Billion in Fire Relief at Risk 💸 ★ ☭ Far-Left Media ☭ ★ posted 2 hours ago by MythArcana 97 comments 97 comments yummy_yumm_yumms 47 points 1 hour ago That dumb nobody faggot is going to regret that! permalink mmtwo 28 points 1 hour ago He's got that (((look))). Seems like Every.Single.Time permalink FrankDuncan 18 points 59 minutes ago Heblew permalink Area82 8 points 34 minutes ago The gay kind. permalink SaltyKrakenBalls 1 points 9 minutes ago Permanent pillow biter. permalink view 1 more comments... TallestSkill -11 points 56 minutes ago Hi Muslims ☪️ permalink Lunar 7 points 29 minutes ago The muslim prophet was a pedo. It's ok to say that at p.win. However. https://media.scored.co/post/9A0Vaafco1b6.jpeg permalink view 6 more comments... freebirdie 4 points 16 minutes ago Your mommy let a man slice up your tiny, newborn penis in a "religious" ceremony. Then she watched him suck your bleeding penis while you screamed. Then she gave the cocksucker a glass of wine and they all ate kugel while you, an infant rape victim, quivered in agony in another room. Christ is King. permalink staroframphansbhole 2 points 17 minutes ago Hi Christ-denier, enjoy your bloody baby dicks and your trip to hell! permalink FrankDuncan 2 points 16 minutes ago Hello, schlomo. Dug any tunnels today? permalink mmtwo 7 points 35 minutes ago So - u/TallestSkill/ - has now been confirmed a tiny hat. Thanks for playing. permalink TallestSkill -4 points 56 minutes ago Muslim says wut permalink hellohellohellohell 18 points 1 hour ago Newsom will rue the day he approved Izzy's $20 ChatGPT subscription!!! permalink BlackPilledMAGA 3 points 57 minutes ago He looks like he could be Colbert's grandson. What a fucking dork. permalink Lunar 4 points 32 minutes ago Norm MacDonald said he avoided impersonating Trump, because "Trump is oftentimes is doing self-parody. And nothing looks dumber than if you parody self-parody. You know-- you really get caught-- not understanding." https://youtu.be/ZdW0NZl0Ozg?si=mCupw20x_0orREnE&t=554 Earlier in the interview-- he said you have to Like the person you're impersonating-- to reflect the person's high regard for himself-- or else it doesn't work. Which was Norm's explanation for why Alec Baldwin's impersonation of Trump isn't funny. And-- I'd add-- why Shane Gillis's version IS funny. permalink YT45 3 points 45 minutes ago He’s the kind of individual who goes out of his way to make sure everyone knows he loves the cock. permalink faithin47 -9 points 43 minutes ago What a glorious president we have! Withholding billions of aid to his citizens because a social media manager tweets mean things at him! He is truly wise and gracious permalink tflst5 4 points 28 minutes ago Aid that will never wind up helping people.. because it passes through the hands of people that steal it. So is it really aid at all? If Gavin wanted to help the victims he would have expedited their permits so they could rebuild.. and certainly not sold off their land to Chinese investors. But fuck Trump for not handing a blank check to grifters, liars, and fraudsters. permalink Saxonlady 32 points 1 hour ago Trump should bypass whatever system is processing the relief money and set up a special team to dispense the cash directly into the hands of the victims. permalink zooty 23 points 1 hour ago He should send the corps of engineers and 100 Amish in to rebuild the houses. permalink Saxonlady 14 points 1 hour ago GREAT idea. So what would he do with the leftover $39 billion? permalink zooty 14 points 1 hour ago Spinner rims for the Amish' buggies? permalink The_Michael 2 points 58 minutes ago No, get them on The Beast and lock in the black vote! 😂 permalink Cmon 7 points 1 hour ago The Amish must be protected at all costs. California is not a safe place to send them in. permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 30 minutes ago And 100 US Marshals to the Governor’s mansion permalink ActNow 9 points 1 hour ago I'm all for this. No re-routing funds to scumbags. permalink hellohellohellohell 7 points 1 hour ago He should nationalize the relief effort, just like he's doing for policing in D.C. Clean up Gavin and Karen's shithole right in front of their own voters. If Trump does enough of these, it should eventually sink in - even with Democrats. permalink BarronVonSaltzburg26 2 points 38 minutes ago Send it all through block chain sources so every dime is traceable. permalink terribletwos 2 points 53 minutes ago Said he should have done it at the federal level. They were pretty straightforward really fast that they were going to abuse any funds that were given to them. permalink footinmouth 26 points 1 hour ago It's also very clear they use bot farms. permalink TommyLasordasBallBag 14 points 1 hour ago Yes it is. I saw a post 2 minutes after it went up with 7500 likes already. Even Elon can't get those numbers that fast. permalink ciaramella_is_gay 1 points 18 minutes ago Maybe Elon should fucking do something about it and ban their stupid account then. permalink Mr_Rightside 21 points 1 hour ago Gov. Gavin Newsom's tweets are written by these two. Camille Harper Zapata (Digital Director for Newsom) & Izzy Gardon (Director of Communications for Newsom). permalink MythArcana OP 9 points 1 hour ago GM, fren! 🐸👍 permalink Mr_Rightside 6 points 50 minutes ago 🥴🍷Nancy Pelosi: Good morning, Tuesday morning. permalink obamagavemeaphone 13 points 1 hour ago SEEMS LEGIT: What does Gardon mean? roach [ɡaʀdɔ̃ ] masculine noun. roach. Collins French-English Dictionary © by HarperCollins Publishers. permalink ActNow 4 points 1 hour ago Funny find. This needs to be put into a meme. Lol. permalink Envy4Trump 9 points 1 hour ago We need to declare California as a rouge state and put it down militarily. Bombs, soliders, tanks. Wipe it out and return rule of law with TRUMP as its head permalink RiffFantastic 6 points 1 hour ago As a native Californian, I agree. permalink Oodles 7 points 1 hour ago No fire aid for these "victims." They voted for the person who prohibited cleaning up the brush, the person who emptied the water reservoirs, and the person who raised money on their behalf and then pocketed the money If they do not experience the consequences of their vote, they will never learn Giving them our money is doing them a disservice permalink dontdisrespectpotus 7 points 1 hour ago Newsom is acting this way so that he can blame not receiving federal funds on this rather than his sanctuary state status. He'll scream Trump is a baby and has thin skin and can't take a joke. permalink ActNow 6 points 1 hour ago I wouldn't put it past him. He certainly doesn't care about Californians. permalink zooty 6 points 1 hour ago Well, Californians are "people who are not Gavin Newsome" so that checks out. permalink Ghostphaez 6 points 1 hour ago Looks like a member of (((The Tribe))): https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaacgardon/ permalink TallestSkill -2 points 56 minutes ago Thank u Muslim man permalink LordNewport 5 points 23 minutes ago Why are in my country shlomo permalink KingBasher 4 points 18 minutes ago To subvert, ofc. permalink DJTLandSlide2020 6 points 1 hour ago If we throw some green dildos in his general direction I bet he’s going to catch them with his mouth! permalink SilverBackTrump 5 points 1 hour ago Of course it’s a faggot permalink Hoshi 4 points 1 hour ago Yet they find the money to help illegals and give them legal support permalink chahn1138 4 points 1 hour ago This Californian could take the pain. CUT US OFF. Our Leftoids are beyond bent folks...Bezmenov said it: there is no curing them Ready for The Signal. permalink MythArcana OP 4 points 2 hours ago Archive Link : https://archive.ph/0FHFl Direct Link : https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2025/08/19/meet-newsom-press-flack-izzy-gardon-trolling-trump-with-40-billion-in-fire-relief-at-risk/ Pepe Link : 🐸👌 permalink zooty 4 points 1 hour ago "For fire victims". LOL permalink Sonsonson 4 points 60 minutes ago Give it to the home owners fuck the government trying to decide who gets the $40b permalink bagel_fragility 3 points 1 hour ago oy gevalt! permalink FrankDuncan 1 points 50 minutes ago X100 permalink deleted -1 points 54 minutes ago FrankDuncan 1 points 11 minutes ago Hello tunnel dweller. permalink TallestSkill 0 points 9 minutes ago Oh look more insults. permalink TallestSkill -1 points 8 minutes ago You knowledge of the language of the people who hide behind rocks is impressive Mr Muslim ☪️ permalink unotrumpcard 4 points 37 minutes ago These are the people keeping the Epstein files from being released. permalink Lol_Garrus 3 points 35 minutes ago The left can't meme. So them trying to meme Newscum into the '28 presidency will never work. permalink MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 35 minutes ago Why does the state need federal money when they constantly brag and publish statements about being the 6th highest earning GDP nation in the world? permalink FrankDuncan 3 points 59 minutes ago Look look .. it's a he blew!! permalink HumblePig 2 points 15 minutes ago Trump wouldn't punish his constituents and citizens over this shit. But I lowkey kin'na wish he would. permalink TPMJB 2 points 14 minutes ago Gardon is inconspicuous, but that nose makes me want to check the "Early Life" section. Seems similar to others who hate White people (since NorCal is majority White and experiencing fires) Edit: Goddamn it, why am I always right on this? LOL Look at this faggot's profile: https://www.hercampus.com/school/seattle-u/izzy-gardon/ Everything matches up with his Linkedin permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 57 minutes ago Maybe if they cooperated with ICE and let them deport all the parasites, then they could find that 40 billion themselves permalink SurveilThis 2 points 56 minutes ago Izzy would be happy if Trump held back fire aid $ & caused widespread suffering, as long as it gave him a TDS election talking point. Typical commie move - Hamas would be proud. permalink Just_dumping_fuel 2 points 1 hour ago hurr hurr.... what? no money? cry cry permalink Hawksendoom 3 points 37 minutes ago I just puked jew he even has the alexander soros glasses! permalink DCYR66 2 points 51 minutes ago Nerds!!!!!!! permalink arthur_morgan 3 points 49 minutes ago He uses AI. permalink barwhack 2 points 1 hour ago Honk. permalink FrankDuncan 3 points 48 minutes ago Tell the faggot he has to work for free and watch him run away . permalink jsphere256 2 points 33 minutes ago Is that Moot?? WTAF is going on in that state? permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 5 minutes ago https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaacgardon/ permalink TooBright 2 points 5 minutes ago If I get some horse teeth and Buddy Holly glasses can I get a government job I'm not qualified for? permalink YT45 3 points 46 minutes ago You don’t even need to hear him talk to know he has a fag lisp. permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 4 minutes ago https://www.instagram.com/igardon/ permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 4 minutes ago https://x.com/iGardon/status/1822411083338174606 permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 3 minutes ago https://www.clickorlando.com/topic/Izzy_Gardon/ permalink MEME-SUPREME 2 points 16 minutes ago Faggot. permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 56 seconds ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmeXJxB90uQ permalink LordNewport 1 points 22 minutes ago Homosexual and Jewish. Is this what you want for America? permalink notsuicidalatall 2 points 2 minutes ago https://www.hercampus.com/school/seattle-u/izzy-gardon/ Who is your celebrity crush? Zac Efron. So fine. Duh. What is a legacy you hope to leave behind? If you couldn’t tell by my curly hair, pale skin, and sense of humor, I’m Jewish. As a Jew, I have a deep belief in tikkun olam –– in repairing the world. Like most Jews, I believe that God/the Bing Bang created us to complete a task: to help repair the fractions of the world and create a place of greater freedom, equality, and love. For all people. I hope to be a part of that plan –– a plan of justice. permalink Retard_Strength 3 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Illah88zillah 2 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink freebirdie 1 points 3 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink 491 🦄 Newsom's @GovPressOffice Manager Izzy "CAPS GUY" Gardon: Trolling Trump, with $40 Billion in Fire Relief at Risk 💸 ★ ☭ Far-Left Media ☭ ★ posted 2 hours ago by MythArcana 97 comments ×