298 🚨BREAKING: Former AG Bill Barr testified under oath today that President Trump is not connected to the Epstein files, and if he were, Biden would have already leaked it: posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 13 comments 13 comments EvilGreed209 5 points 5 hours ago It makes more sense nobody leaked anything because Nobody in the Deep State is Arrested including this CIA Agent and his deep state father. The House wins never show the goyims the evidence because then they might figure something out, Trust Us Goys, Trust the Planski. (runs to the shadows) permalink SpaceWizard 4 points 5 hours ago Not that you can trust this mother fucker, but what he's saying is common sense. permalink FKH2 3 points 5 hours ago Dude is a known liar who's father worked with Epstein and wrote a book about child sex slaves permalink Scot 3 points 4 hours ago So, he stated the obvious. permalink HumblePig 2 points 4 hours ago Probably true but give us the list anyway, stop protecting pedos. permalink MarshallB 2 points 5 hours ago We already know we're dealing with people who create narratives AND the evidence to support these works of FICTION. We also know they'll abuse the system while knowing the "evidence" is entirely fictional. We also know the Deep State resists even Presidents with whom they feel threatened. So my own theory is that there is nothing in the files which is trustworthy. We all know they'd claim Epstein was a SPACE ALIEN and snatched a body to cover up his trail if they determined his body wasn't the one found in the cell. And they'd have at least 51 career Deep State Operatives swear it is true. permalink Elencher 4 points 4 hours ago I really wish this had been Trump's messaging. Just come out and say that the entire case has been in the hands of corrupt evil people for years and that nothing in the files is of any value, then announce you're restarting the case from the beginning because that's the only way to get to the bottom of it. Instead he ran cover for Israel. permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 3 hours ago pulling chairs out for net and yahoo just about broke my faith permalink Elencher 2 points 3 hours ago My faith is 100% broken wrt Trump and Israel. I don't know how but they've got him by the balls somehow. He's making great progress along a lot of avenues, but we need to start preparing for what's next to keep pushing after he's gone, and I'm pretty sure Vance is not the answer. permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 2 hours ago yep, either he's lost the plot / been BADLY advised / actually believes jews are chosen [ or is paying them back for helping his career ] or grandkids have a target on their backs.......Vance talks a good game but previous connections with big tech and his HB1 family say to me that he is on board with the usual shit permalink view 1 more comments... tralbolh 2 points 5 hours ago Trump wouldn't have campaigned on the issue if he had reason to believe he was on the list. Just no reason to bring it up. But Bill Barr's dad, Donald Barr has some weird Epstein connections Wikipedia Quote He was headmaster of the Dalton School from 1964 to 1974. For a brief time, at the end of his tenure as headmaster, disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein was employed as a math teacher. It is unclear whether Barr hired Epstein. In 1973, Barr published Space Relations, a science fiction novel about a planet ruled by oligarchs who engage in child sex slavery. It has been noted that the plot of the novel anticipates the crimes of Epstein and his accomplice Ghislaine Maxwell. permalink Lordfred1993 2 points 5 hours ago Someone is looking for a pardon. permalink TrumpPatriot84 1 points 4 hours ago You would have to be retarded, liberal levels of retard, to think Trump was connected to Epstein in anyway and it wasn't leaked... Fuck barr, he's a traitor, but he's right, it would have leaked, he probably would have leaked it if he could.. permalink 298 🚨BREAKING: Former AG Bill Barr testified under oath today that President Trump is not connected to the Epstein files, and if he were, Biden would have already leaked it: posted 6 hours ago by JTIM 13 comments ×