1442 One heck of a picture posted 15 hours ago by IHeartMyDoggy 219 comments 219 comments BOHICA2021 200 points 15 hours ago THOSE COMMIE ASSHOLES ARE NOT THERE TO KISS THE RING they started this war for one reason and they are NOT there to surrender - they are there to "try" to intimidate Trump into Security Guarantee's that will drag the U.S. into this nightmare for generations to come. Absolutely NO on any SECURITY GUARANTEE'S and FUCK THE UK AND NATO TO HELL FOREVER !!! permalink Skogin 77 points 15 hours ago GloboHomo Puppets, to be more accurate. permalink Bohemyth_2 43 points 14 hours ago Mere grocery clerks, sent by the Merchants of Death, to collect the bill permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 32 points 14 hours ago They're probably there to plot how to keep the war going together. permalink DocBrody 7 points 9 hours ago let's call it the depopulation gravy train permalink conservativefrank 19 points 14 hours ago Yup. When asked what he wanted, Zelensky said "everything". Russia invades. The result shouldn't be that Russia gets a bounty while the US is on the hook for billions. We get penalized for someone else's actions. They get a bonus. It's like someone robs a bank. I stop the robbery. The authorities award the bank robber the money he tried to take, and I now have to pay to keep the bank secure. permalink PoohBearBalloon 35 points 13 hours ago The US started this fight by NATO encroachment and overthrowing the Ukraine government in 2014. Putin had great restraint but enough was enough. I hope Ukraine loses territory and NATO is disbanded. Our county is responsible for the hundreds of thousands dead and to be frank we got off easy for what we tried to pull. permalink Boomstikchik 14 points 12 hours ago Not we. Obama. We didn't do anything to start that war. But Obama did. Obama did a lot of nasty things while in office, and I hope that one day he pays for it all. permalink TheThreeSeashells 1 points 3 hours ago Not just Obama. Obama's handlers. Most of the same bags of shit that were behind the Potato regime. Most of the same bags of shit still running free and lying about President Trump and STILL trying to overthrow his administration and destroy our country. And here we are still waiting on a single arrest while President Trump is wasting time meeting with these European assholes who WANT to continue the war, only want more U.S. money, and have no intentions on ending anything. I would be happiest if President Trump just came out and said, "America first means Americans first. I'm done cleaning up international bullshit and dealing with liars and murderers. We're going to now spend the next year, at least, dealing solely with domestic issues and arresting anyone we know has committed crimes against the U.S. and its citizens. Regardless of illegal pardons signed by autopen. We're also doubling (at least) our deportation effort and the AG will be revoking the TPS of all refugees starting today. Time to go home." permalink conservativefrank 3 points 12 hours ago I didn't try to pull it. Trump didn't. permalink PoohBearBalloon 11 points 12 hours ago Yeah, I know that. This crap started in the 90s after the wall fell and the US started collecting former Soviet satellite states into NATO like baseball cards. Then the CIA overthrow of Viktor Yanukovych happened during Barry's admin. We (our county) had a huge part in this shitshow. permalink progressives4Trump 3 points 13 hours ago "we" permalink PoohBearBalloon 9 points 13 hours ago As in our dickhead leaders of course. But the citizens will ultimately pay the price as is protocol. permalink view 2 more comments... yodayoda -1 points 12 hours ago it's "we." you are responsible for your government. permalink view 4 more comments... MtnMover444 10 points 13 hours ago I appreciate your points, but under the first Trump administration 350,000 Ukrainians were armed and trained by NATO. Check out Larry Johnson's Sonar21 blog for the receipts. By the time Biden came in, the regime change operation aimed at Russia, that Victoria Nuland and the bunch had been orchestrating for decades was all but inevitable. Blackrock literally had an investment fund ready to go for the spoils of war/rebuilding. This year investors finally put their money from that. All of that said, I hope that President Trump will take this offramp and send these corrupt grifters packing. permalink conservativefrank 2 points 12 hours ago The offramp is you and I and other taxpayers paying for something we didn't do. permalink Returningtogod 2 points 6 hours ago Again… permalink patriotpodcast 4 points 7 hours ago Your analogy is way off. The fundamental matter in this whole thing is whether Ukraine was ever really sovereign or not. On "paper" they were and the USA and the West treated them as such. If Ukraine wants to turn their interests Westward, it's their right to do so (even if we cajole them a bit with the CIA). From Russia's point of view, they were never sovereign, Ukraine was merely an extension of the Russian empire. Just like Belarus. No one really believes Belarus is an independent nation just because it has some lines on a map. It was never acceptable for Ukraine to secede from the empire and turn their interests Westward. If you believe Ukraine was sovereign, then Russia's actions were indefensible and wrong. Join the liberal crowd and slava ukraini. If you believe the Russian point of view, then Russia is in the right and the cause of this war was the CIA-inspired color revolution of 2014 that changed the Ukraine government from a Russian-vassel to a pro-Western vassel. Which point of view is correct or more correct? Well, here are some hard data points that are true and you tell me which theory they most align with. Russia and the Ukraine territory have deep binding historical ties. Among many, Russians defended Kiev in WW2 with over 750,000 men who died. That's real commitment. Russia had one of its most strategically important naval bases in Ukraine. Who does that? Even the USA who plops down military bases everywhere keeps its major strategic bases at home. Following #2, when the 2014 color revolution happened, Russia took their naval base (Crimea) back and Obama didn't lift a finger. Why not? The list goes on forever but these are some primary points. In reality (not fake lines on a map), Ukraine was never independent and their attempt to turn Westward was in fact a secession from Russia. Russia is fighting to prevent that. The reason it happened in 2022 was because Biden was preparing to invite Ukraine to NATO. Russia was satisfied to play the long political game and fix an election in the future and return Ukraine back to its fold in due course, but if they joined NATO that door was forever closed. The only course of action to preserve its integrity was to force the issue and so they did. And here we are. Trump is stuck. He would have never invited Ukraine to NATO and the war would have never happened. But it did, so now he has to extricate the USA without saying "The USA shouldn't have done what we did in 2014." Which means he can't give up all of Ukraine. But Russia wants all of Ukraine. Difficult situation. There is only one solution. A split Ukraine with soft defense "guarantees" that satisfy Russia by giving them the opportunity to re-take the rest of Ukraine politically in the future without more war. permalink conservativefrank 1 points 52 minutes ago Even in your scenario, Mr. Cuck a doodle doo, the US tax payers aren't responsible for Ukraine, but we're going to pay. Those "soft" guarantees are going to cost billions. permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 1 points 5 hours ago nah. it's not that. the 3 disputed regions are all 90%+ ethnically russian. the second most common culture isn't even ukrainian... it's tatar (ethnic turks). it's why the locals didn't even fight back when Russia rolled in. because the locals view ukraine as a failed state and puppet of western corruption. it's also why globohomo lost their shit when Elon suggested the UN administer a referendum in the 3 disputed regions... because they knew damn well the actual people involved would vote almost unanimously to be Russian. after that, globohomo tried to propagandize the notion that the only reason those regions were virtually all Russian was because of ethnic cleansing by Russia of Ukrainians and that in the cosmic morality sense, Ukraine is justified in retaking the land and even punting ethnic Russians if necessary... but they quietly started to drop that when more and more people mentioned that the only ones who could ever have done that were the (((Bolsheviks))). and god forbid an extremist totalitarian jewish political faction be implicated for ethnic cleansing, so that whole narrative disappeared from failing legacy media overnight. permalink airborne3502 1 points 6 hours ago Good analogy. permalink ColonelKlink 5 points 14 hours ago No more money for commie faggots. permalink Doubleu1992 4 points 13 hours ago Too bad your country doesn’t do what you would like it to do because we have zero representation permalink Light_HIV_Effect 63 points 15 hours ago A bunch of big time faggots permalink IBentMyWookie 36 points 14 hours ago They put the homo in GloboHomo permalink MissingTrump 9 points 14 hours ago Lol permalink DanIsSwell 20 points 14 hours ago Macron is still thinking about The Slap. permalink AmericanMan00 8 points 13 hours ago Macron is still thinking about The Weiner Slap. permalink BigMikesSwingingCock 2 points 10 hours ago He's hoping for a really big one. permalink MissingTrump 4 points 14 hours ago Beat me to it. permalink C0drus 33 points 15 hours ago Any of you remember a scene (I think it’s from the 3 stooges?) where someone walks down the row of where they are seated slapping everyone…yeah.. permalink ScrewReddit 12 points 14 hours ago That's why Kid Rock should've been invited. permalink DJT4MoreYears 6 points 14 hours ago I think you mean Chris Rock. lol permalink TexasRepublic 4 points 14 hours ago Invite both Kid and Chris and get to slappin' these fools! permalink DeportAllFeds 1 points 14 hours ago He can’t come. He won’t wear a suit. Very disrespectful. permalink IBentMyWookie 3 points 14 hours ago Slap Stick w Paul Newman comes to mind. permalink JerryJerryJerry 8 points 14 hours ago Slap Shot (1977)? One of the best sports movies ever. IMO... permalink Threaper666 4 points 14 hours ago Paul Newman's Own: Zesty Slappaho permalink DebbieinDallas 3 points 13 hours ago The Hansen brothers have entered the chat permalink JerryJerryJerry 1 points 12 hours ago Truly lightning in a bottle. Be sure to check out their commentary track. permalink Stlpoolguy 2 points 14 hours ago "You better get a man in the house, or that son of yours will have a cock in his mouth faster than you can say" something hilarious that escapes me. permalink JerryJerryJerry 1 points 12 hours ago That line always shocks even jaded me, and then I remember this movie is almost fifty years old. Also highly recommend checking out the outstanding commentary track by the Hanson brothers. permalink StoneRealist 2 points 13 hours ago Showing your age lol permalink Kashim11 26 points 15 hours ago Meloni looks pissed lol. permalink jlange94 10 points 12 hours ago She always does tbf lol. She's probably just thinking about better stuff she could be doing right then. permalink TheThreeSeashells 1 points 3 hours ago We have something in common, then. Every second President Trump wastes on this bullshit I think about the better stuff he could be doing for Americans. permalink AslanFan 1 points 8 hours ago Unless she's looking at Daddy or Elon. permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 1 points 5 hours ago because she missed out on having babies with Elon Musk, can't name them Eloni Meloni. permalink NoWarWithIran 21 points 15 hours ago Meloni just wants one of those gift sets permalink TheWoodsman 1 points 6 hours ago What’s in the gift set? permalink NoWarWithIran 3 points 5 hours ago Trump brand steak knives so they can remember who they're stabbing in the back permalink TheWoodsman 1 points 4 hours ago First place: A Cadillac El Dorado Second place: Set of steak knives Third place: You’re fired. permalink Pepe_longcockings 21 points 15 hours ago King Arthur and the knights of the clown table permalink carpetxparmesan 9 points 14 hours ago If someone wrote a script for a seedy lowrent porno starring a tranny lover that got groomed and gets beaten by his "wife", a warlord dickpianist, a blonde italian high on coke and 4 extras from the german version of The Office, i'd say it was a bad script. And now we get to watch it in the white house. 🤡🌐 permalink Citizen_Bob 18 points 15 hours ago That's one bad ass picture and idgaf what some cunt from Iran has to say about it here. permalink Calumet57 5 points 10 hours ago I see the peak of Mount Miller in the photo. permalink LabTech 13 points 14 hours ago It's so telling of the true balance of power for them that Macron is front and center in the opposition to Trump, while that midget Zelensky, who you'd think should be the center of attention given he's the nominal head of state of the nation they're talking about, is off to the side as almost a passive observer. How others place themselves in a voluntary setting speaks to who's actually in charge, and I'd be willing to bet video of this meeting has Macron doing much of the talking, with Zelensky only piping in to reinforce Macron's positions. It's like how Don Corleone realized that it was Barzini who'd actually been in charge of his downfall, and not the more obvious Tattaglia, because he chose to sit at the head of the table, and how he chose to speak as though he had the most authority. permalink Threaper666 2 points 14 hours ago Love the Godfather. 1 and 2 are such great films. The 3rd one. I can live without. permalink XLNutts 1 points 7 hours ago Little Z is at the kids table. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 12 points 15 hours ago Daddy’s Home permalink YT45 11 points 14 hours ago Hopefully this is moments before he instructed them to get the fuck out of his office. permalink GrandmaHelmet 10 points 15 hours ago Love it!💯🇺🇸 permalink Pederella 9 points 13 hours ago Reminds me of the photo of Trump sitting and facing off Merkel et al, with Abbe beside him and the War Walrus behind him. permalink AndanteAndante 3 points 12 hours ago War Walrus 😂😂 permalink hillaryforprison 9 points 15 hours ago They know who's boss. permalink BigMikesSwingingCock 6 points 10 hours ago That Zelensky faggot is dressed like he's about to apply to be a waiter at TGI Fridays. permalink FuckU/Spez 3 points 8 hours ago Yep, he still tried to wear his "military" costume to the WH. Faggot wears suits to the WEF, but puts on pajamas for us. Fk him. permalink TheThreeSeashells 2 points 2 hours ago "Sorry. Not qualified. Plus we need someone who is tall enough to reach the table to put the food down without getting on tippy toes." permalink Retard_Strength 2 points 7 hours ago 'It's ok, Volodymyr, I've got Stephen Miller looking for some phonebooks for you to sit on' permalink Returningtogod 1 points 6 hours ago Thanks for the early morning lol! permalink Yeahigotgoats 1 points 5 hours ago Not enough flair permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 9 hours ago that cunt should be in an oven permalink Yignuced 9 points 14 hours ago Most of those people are actors. permalink RiolindasReturn 5 points 14 hours ago All. permalink realPhantomFuck 8 points 14 hours ago I thought my title was more fitting 😂 permalink RobinNet 8 points 14 hours ago Giorgia: "I thought-a Elon would-a be here." permalink lispboy 8 points 14 hours ago One day Karoline Leavitt is going to write a banger of a book about her experience. permalink Rosebud4Jesus 4 points 13 hours ago she is the most MAGA awesome press sec by far so far. Love Her permalink Kiwipede22 2 points 11 hours ago Is that her in the background in the red dress… was not sure if it might have been pay-for-play Blondie. permalink barronwin 6 points 14 hours ago a room without Indians is a good room permalink KennyKetchem 6 points 14 hours ago Fuck You Macron Fuck You Van Der Leyen Fuck You Starmer Fuck You Zelensky You're Cool Meloni permalink DefKon1 3 points 14 hours ago You forgot "Fuck You NATO"....I mean Rutte...🐸👍 permalink bratt 6 points 14 hours ago Where are the buttons that open trapdoors below each chair? permalink FlyCatcher94 5 points 14 hours ago Big time power move with trump behind that desk like that. All ya’all muda’fakas listen up ! permalink friedchicken 5 points 14 hours ago This is both unbelievably sad and unbelievably funny permalink conservativefrank 4 points 14 hours ago Looks like a bunch of underperforming HS kids in the Principal's office. permalink npc_1234 4 points 15 hours ago Class is in session. permalink evolenmity 4 points 14 hours ago i just learned you can grab the picture and enlarge it........... permalink uxername27 1 points 3 hours ago That's one of the reason this website is better than pReddit. permalink GoDawgs 4 points 14 hours ago Did they even say thank you? permalink Aquamine-Amarine 4 points 14 hours ago So that faggot couldn't talk to Trump one on one, and needed to drag other European leaders with him? What a weak loser. permalink CaptRied 6 points 14 hours ago Zelensky and his puppeteers. We saw what happened when he tried to wing it. permalink You_know_Whews 4 points 14 hours ago Awe, puppets acting like they run the world. Cute permalink TheCandiru 3 points 15 hours ago Class is in session, commie faggots permalink tunahunter 3 points 14 hours ago European leaders are like students at the Principal's office. permalink MemeLoveYouLongTime 3 points 14 hours ago Your looking at the woman in the red dress. permalink Prandogolio 1 points 14 hours ago I did notice the big tiddies permalink ImYourHuckleberry24 3 points 14 hours ago BIG MADS! permalink carpetxparmesan 1 points 14 hours ago They ain't all big, bigot! Respect the little people! permalink mygovisacommie 2 points 14 hours ago They all hate him. They constantly mock him and openly wish for his failure. All of which makes this picture even better. permalink Threaper666 3 points 13 hours ago Because the media told them too permalink SquirreleeDan 2 points 4 hours ago he could have arrested and executed them in that room and today the world would have been such a better place, what a shame permalink Svaap 2 points 4 hours ago They look like a bunch of school kids, that chick on the far left looks like Macron was pulling her hair and she's pissed. LOL. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 13 hours ago WTF is Georgia’s problem? permalink vodka_soda 2 points 12 hours ago I love seeing Pete, Stephen, Marco in the pic... But my absolute favorite is seeing Dan S and Caroline L in the back. permalink Seeing_Red 2 points 9 hours ago OMG Miller!!! I had to look hard for him! But that chrome dome gave him away permalink GBA4ever 2 points 14 hours ago Love the elegance of the Oval Office! permalink dixontic 1 points 5 hours ago Look at that door to the right. It looks like it has the moulding attached, so when it closes it looks normal, but it might have some sort of additional sealing around the door. I wonder how much tech is hidden in plain sight by the bling. permalink TenaciousDT 2 points 14 hours ago Who is that faggot behind Zfags right shoulder? permalink Threaper666 2 points 13 hours ago interpreter. permalink mdave88 2 points 6 hours ago The Principal summoned the theater kids from the drama club for some scolding. permalink Antenna 2 points 15 hours ago What a happy-lookin' bunch! permalink Grond999 2 points 10 hours ago Obama. Victoria Nuland and other American corporate/MIC shenanigans since. America's proxy NATO. Missile positions, Maybe the American biolabs also pissed of Putin & Co? Putin finally said enough is enough. Then yet another American v Russia proxy war starts up. Now both super powers cut their share of what is left of the Ukraine. Land and mineral rights etc. permalink DrTar 2 points 5 hours ago Like being called to the Principal's Office. permalink AslanFan 2 points 8 hours ago Wish there was less zoom. Looks like Monica Crowley and ?? on the far right (see reflection in mirror). Also wish you could see S. Miller's face. You can usually tell exactly what's going on by the intensity of the lasers coming out of Miller's eyes. permalink Hanging_Chad 2 points 14 hours ago why is Zelle-nskyy’s nose so triangular? AND WHERE IS HIS GREEN SWEATSHIRT? permalink maga_gal2 2 points 14 hours ago The guy on the far right looks like Matt Damon and Christoph Waltz. permalink Pearcesarrow 2 points 14 hours ago If the EU is such a major player why send anyone with Zelenskyy other than the Union President? It’s because they’re all weak. It would be like sending Trump and a gaggle of governors to negotiate with Putin. They aren’t a serious nation permalink Counterwhat 2 points 5 hours ago Daddy please help. permalink Eddie_LeBec 1 points 6 hours ago They all want us to pay billions and then send our kids to the meat grinder, so they can have China take over Rusdia and make them mini rockafellers when they sell the energy back to silicone valley for data centers for the police state permalink DeeeDay 1 points 6 hours ago For the most part, Trump has shown the world that the current leaders around the world are useless. permalink Purple_Drank 1 points 8 hours ago Why does Meloni look so pissed? I thought she was somewhat on our side. permalink Deplora 1 points 5 hours ago She's pissed that she has to share Trump's attention with all these other people. You want to see a happy Meloni? In Paris, in December, for the Notre Dame Cathedral re-opening: https://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/en-us/politics/2024/12/16/TELEMMGLPICT000405612383_17343896638450_trans_NvBQzQNjv4Bq-IWLY18X4-CzgyIcjLEAj0k9u7HhRJvuo-ZLenGRumA.jpeg At Mar-a-Lago, January 4: https://nypost.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/01/2025-italian-government-handout-via-96247765.jpg https://www.agenzianova.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/trump-meloni.jpeg permalink jonnyuno 1 points 6 hours ago Life in prison, all of them. Except Meloni she can serve time at my house. permalink DrDoodooBrains 1 points 13 hours ago POV: You're telling the Globalists to collectively fuck themselves while we Make America Great Again permalink Magnify 1 points 12 hours ago Rats can't hide now. permalink Bramage 1 points 6 hours ago Complete Alpha power play having them around his desk like the supplicants they are. permalink mightyclaw 1 points 1 hour ago Extreme right side of the desk, middle object: is that the Diet Coke button? permalink bagel_fragility 1 points 7 hours ago looks like they didn’t get their usual bump of WEF cocaine. the pedo party has gone sour. permalink Addos 1 points 13 hours ago Kneel before GEOTUS permalink BrionK 1 points 12 hours ago What happened to Europe? So gay and lame. permalink Seventhson74 1 points 6 hours ago Boy that Italian PM Giorgia Meloni is kinda bad ass though. Pretty good friend of Trump too. Her, Victor Orban, Javier Milei, Nayeb Bukele - all MAGA in their own respective countries.... permalink JimmyJ 1 points 12 hours ago I luv Daddy Trump. permalink Tailgunnerjoe 1 points 5 hours ago What happened to Starmer? permalink Tacitus1963 1 points 12 hours ago Von der Leyen, Macron, Starmer and Rutte are all WEF. So, they don't want the war to end. Fuck the WEF and the Eurotard gang. permalink MedicallyReddit 1 points 15 hours ago Aww, look at lil Z all grown up finally wearing a suit permalink jlange94 1 points 12 hours ago Love the redecorating of the oval too! permalink spez_this 1 points 6 hours ago JD in the background with the look, "When it's my turn I'm not going to let these snakes anywhere near the White House." permalink hamajun 1 points 12 hours ago This is what Pax Americana looks like. America is SO BACK. permalink chickeninoven 1 points 13 hours ago Who's the blond in red with the giant bobs? permalink StolenElectionsKill 1 points 7 hours ago Karoline Leavitt, the goddess. permalink Thops 1 points 6 hours ago Two chicks and a bunch of faggots. That’s the caption. permalink valinor411 1 points 12 hours ago Coalition of the losers, they're looking for another Minsk peace deal to break so they could regroup and resume the Ukraine war yet again so they could do some more losing. permalink fr33d0mTruck 1 points 6 hours ago Reminds me of that one with merkel and the others permalink Ritchie_Blackadder 1 points 14 hours ago He's not locked in there with them... permalink SparkleMTN 1 points 5 hours ago Meloni looks pissed. permalink saltymethods 1 points 12 hours ago They all got caught and now they receive punishment (or death). permalink JimmyJ 1 points 12 hours ago NO REALLY! I DO NOT SEE DADDY ANYWHERE IN PICTURE THERFORE IT IS BOGUS.. A fraud! Get real permalink MtnMover444 1 points 14 hours ago Hitler getting the band back together? permalink Seeing_Red 1 points 9 hours ago Macron is literally the laughing stock of the world… closeted homosexual who got slapped by his male “wife” that might possibly be his uncle or some crazy French shit… and even if he did come out of the closet… we all know that Justin Trudeau is his type of man which is just 🤮… and Obama too don’t get me started permalink Txiribiton 1 points 8 hours ago Bunch of ridiculous faggots, they don't want to end the war, now that NATO is losing they want a pause to rearm as they did with Mink's accords. That's why they never negotiated with the other side, but Trump did and they are there relegated as the clowns they are. permalink RationalThought 1 points 7 hours ago They are there to guard their precious treasure. permalink Jeremybenrice 1 points 12 hours ago “Sit down son, let me tell you why you’re in trouble before I give you a spanking.” permalink MajorClark 1 points 14 hours ago A global homo convention. permalink Seeing_Red 1 points 9 hours ago Finding Stephen Miller is literally like Where’s Waldo but he’s there. permalink JimmyJ 1 points 12 hours ago That bitch in peach gotta go permalink FireTheCannons1776 1 points 5 hours ago Who brought the cell phone? permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 14 hours ago Look how pissy Macron is! 🤣 permalink progressives4Trump 1 points 13 hours ago None of us are used to having such a competent and powerful leader permalink ThreeTimeTrumper 1 points 13 hours ago I hope the White House staff cleaned the Oval Office after all those globohomo infested it. permalink lispboy 1 points 14 hours ago "Security Guarantees"... That's all you heard. I want no part of it, and Trump is caving to them. permalink StolenElectionsKill 1 points 7 hours ago Nope. Thats Trump securing mineral rights compensation and reimbursement for our troubles. America wins first with Trump. permalink ecto_coolest 1 points 13 hours ago Baby Z should be in a play pen permalink tomthung 1 points 7 hours ago Peace of more tariffs, you fuckers decide. permalink TrumpLandslide20201 1 points 14 hours ago All are criminals including Suzie! permalink ANon-GMO 1 points 6 hours ago On a side note, the Oval Office is impressive. permalink CrispyCracker2 1 points 13 hours ago Daddy. permalink BugsleyKAG 1 points 7 hours ago Zelenskyy got a booster seat? 💺 permalink patriotpodcast 1 points 7 hours ago Those boxes on Trump's desk. Obviously gifts for the guests. What do you think they are? Cigars? permalink infinitysupreme 1 points 12 hours ago Vance and Rubio for next POTUS/VP permalink Beijingbrandon 1 points 14 hours ago Where's Keir Stalin? permalink friskyjoebiden 1 points 14 hours ago Does he still have the Gulf Of America board up for them? permalink DocBrody 1 points 9 hours ago This is how it should look like when they are waiting for their trials to begin! I like it permalink CrispyCracker2 1 points 13 hours ago Not even a single nagger. This is how we keep peace. permalink Frenchie619 1 points 4 hours ago All they ever showed us of the evil mastermind "Dr Claw", was a little bit of his right hand. Maybe there's some parallels being drawn here..... not the evil part, but I'll support the mastermind half of it. permalink CyberSolider33 1 points 13 hours ago Susie in the hallway? That is my guess, or Monica Crowley? permalink JamesSunderland 1 points 12 hours ago Zelensky looks too pale af for that black suit. He's not a winter. permalink henri_derelicte 0 points 12 hours ago This is what it looks like when you have the leaders of the world's centers of power together in one room permalink Seeing_Red 1 points 9 hours ago I just read this expecting some clever comment but you literally just said exactly what the picture is of exactly, and I don’t know if I missed something … or you are as bland as Elmer’s glue permalink Spawnlingman 0 points 15 hours ago Bitch with her arms crossed. Women always trying to visualize their tantrums. permalink Kashim11 6 points 15 hours ago Thats Meloni and she is actually based. permalink CO2_Generator 3 points 14 hours ago She's kinda on the President's side, she's sitting there trying to not leap out of a chair and strangle some bitches. permalink ScrewReddit 3 points 14 hours ago I'm pretty sure that's Meloni. permalink Stlpoolguy 0 points 14 hours ago "Listen kids"...... permalink friedchicken -11 points 14 hours ago Look at marco rubio's stupid little bitch face in the background permalink DJT4MoreYears 12 points 14 hours ago Rubio is doing a great job so far. Stop hating. permalink friedchicken -8 points 14 hours ago I've known and worked with personalities like rubio. They're infinitely self important, completely clueless about why they're doing what they're doing, and act utterly without any sense of self awareness. He's also israel's little bitch, and a pain in trump's ass. permalink Rosebud4Jesus 1 points 13 hours ago he definitely is internally pro Ukraine and most likely hates that Trump is friendly with Putin. Marco is a known flip flop fence rider. Don't forget he started being a Tea Party patriot hero then ended up being part of John McCain's Amnesty gang of 8. permalink friedchicken 1 points 12 hours ago As I said: utterly without any sense of self awareness permalink makersmarx 1 points 13 hours ago Youre exactly right. People on this site suck his cock. He always was a weasel and still is. permalink grenades_and_ham 2 points 11 hours ago “Lil’ Marco” “Bubble Frat Boi.” permalink StolenElectionsKill 2 points 7 hours ago You are the stupid little bitch in this room, pal. Projection is not a good look for you. permalink 1442 One heck of a picture posted 15 hours ago by IHeartMyDoggy 219 comments