613 Illegal migrant suspect in deadly Florida crash was nearly deported — then allowed to stay after claiming he was afraid to return to India posted 8 hours ago by TrumpCare 24 comments New York Post @nypost • 1d Illegal migrant suspect in deadly Florida crash was nearly deported — then allowed to stay after claiming he was afraid to return to India https://t.co/YWzbfBNgfe 24 comments seeling0 31 points 7 hours ago "I can't go back! I'm wanted for vehicular manslaughter in Maharashtra!" permalink joggin_noggin 12 points 6 hours ago "Have you seen how my people drive? I'll end up dead if you send me back. Some idiot will try to make a three-point turn on the interstate in front of a blind hill." permalink glow-operator-2-0 6 points 4 hours ago Send the fucker to CECOT. permalink Baro2k4 14 points 6 hours ago But I’ve been told India is such a beautiful country with peace, love, amazing food, and just such nice smart engineers and doctors permalink RedTX 9 points 4 hours ago Fucker should be more afraid to stay here illegally in the United States. Fuck that MF. permalink xanax123 8 points 3 hours ago His indifference to the crash is infuriating. permalink Zippitydoodah 5 points 3 hours ago That's what gets me too. Total dead eyes, no reaction. Even in clips I've seen where the emergency crews are working, he's just standing there looking pleasant. I came upon a wreck one time where a kid had rear-ended a car, sending it sailing into a field, upside down. The people inside were okay miraculously but we didn't want to move them till emts got there. The kid who hit them was freaking out, even though they were alive and talking, he was just absolutely freaking out that he did this to someone. That's the human reaction. This creature from jeetland is not human. permalink NSFW_PORN_ONLY 6 points 6 hours ago I hope it happened before our reign. permalink ForceMultiplier 8 points 4 hours ago Caught and fast-tracked for deportation during Trump's term Plead the "fear for my life - I'm not an economic migrant" and was allowed to stay under Biden. Now you understand why Trump has been pushing for lightning fast deportation. We've got decades of illegals to send home. Also, he's not the guy that destroyed the Dale Bend Bridge in 2019. That was a different "Harjinder Singh" permalink Drcm 5 points 5 hours ago cuz India would actually not put up with his bullshit. permalink ZacPetkanas 1 points 3 hours ago They absolutely would and do. India is a shithole for a reason permalink Drcm 2 points 2 hours ago india is a shithole, but shithole problems require shithole solutions https://www.scmp.com/news/asia/south-asia/article/3043806/big-lathi-sticks-indian-police-use-beat-protesters-are-legacy in Florida the guys is allowed to stand there and look at the family he killed, he would be beaten and forced to live in the shit filled streets like he deserves back in his home permalink FudgyFudgeBots 5 points 3 hours ago It looks like it was intentional. permalink Trumpdidit 4 points 4 hours ago Rest assure, the people he murdered was afraid of his type in their city driving vehicles in which he and his ilk were not and are not legally competent to drive, but here we are. permalink xanax123 3 points 3 hours ago He also collapsed a bridge in Arkansas, ignoring the 6-ton MAX weight limit warning signs in his 38-ton truck. https://notthebee.com/article/illegal-trucker-who-killed-carful-of-people-in-florida-has-same-name-as-indian-who-collapsed-bridge-in-alabama permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 2 hours ago This is turning into a Sam Hyde joke permalink ToodeepinCA 2 points 3 hours ago Why isnt he scared to stay here ? permalink Freedomnuggs 1 points 2 hours ago Death penalty permalink DCYR66 1 points 43 minutes ago How about we make illegals afraid to be in this country?!! permalink Wexit-Delecto 1 points 3 hours ago Every court in every Western, White, Christian country all suddenly started looking at race and no other factor. Go on and tell me there’s no conspiracy. permalink Seruna_Kanus 1 points 50 minutes ago Afraid to go back? Why? permalink BobSacano 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink BobSacano 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 613 Illegal migrant suspect in deadly Florida crash was nearly deported — then allowed to stay after claiming he was afraid to return to India posted 8 hours ago by TrumpCare 24 comments New York Post @nypost • 1d Illegal migrant suspect in deadly Florida crash was nearly deported — then allowed to stay after claiming he was afraid to return to India https://t.co/YWzbfBNgfe ×