860 Omar Fateh rally in Minneapolis last night. 0 English. 0 American flags. posted 8 hours ago by JTIM 67 comments End Wokeness @EndWokeness • 1d Omar Fateh rally in Minneapolis last night. 0 English. 0 American flags. 67 comments Bullet3250 63 points 8 hours ago Need to get those people BACK HOME as soon as possible. permalink footinmouth 27 points 5 hours ago My question is how did a population of ~68,000 manage to loot nearly 2 billion in fraud in a decade (~30k per person) and still manage to be dirt poor. That is also not including the ~ 40k per year that they all get in welfare, since Minnesota is like the highest payout state in the nation and nearly 98% of them are on it. permalink Bullet3250 6 points 5 hours ago Perhaps ask a Banker. permalink IForgotToAddAnEmail 7 points 5 hours ago Perhaps ask the catholic churches who did in fact, work in with the bankers receiving payment for providing relief to the mass Somalians. (Relief is a term I'm using cause I can't think of the other one. They bring them here, cause their place is a shithole. ('Helping them")). And until the right is willing to actually begin persecuting churches for their assistance in this invasion, true punishment will not go out. Search churches that worked in Somalia. Usually Catholic or Christian. Or at least, those are the forefront organizations. permalink footinmouth 9 points 5 hours ago Lutheran Social Services is the exact company in Minnesota that is scamming. permalink Bullet3250 2 points 5 hours ago Does not sound like church function... sounds like money laundering by a few criminals to me. Government found a taker - likely got kickbacks in some manner... permalink view 4 more comments... drattastic1 4 points 4 hours ago Why the fuck are they here? permalink Bullet3250 3 points 4 hours ago A group of GloboHomos decided that Western Nations needed to Become Third world shat holes.. .and they got busy. permalink lothrop_evola 1 points 3 hours ago They're everywhere in Minnesota, Maine, Alberta, Ontario, Sweden. Either they really love cold weather, or places with generous welfare. It's one or the other. permalink MyDadLikedBiden 3 points 7 hours ago More on the taageerada: https://rairfoundation.com/burqas-socialism-inshaallah-inside-omar-fatehs-mayoral-rally/ permalink Bullet3250 4 points 7 hours ago Big Mo is Big gay... how do we know? - he told everyone. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtqFzOjclL8 permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 7 hours ago He is ghey. permalink jml1997 1 points 4 hours ago People don't realize it yet, but we're a fallen country. I probably won't be around to see the outcome as it will take a few more decades before it's complete. permalink Oodles 35 points 7 hours ago The people of Minneapolis are a traitorous disgrace to this country. They deserve everything they get permalink bigdickhangsright 27 points 7 hours ago The whites there are such disgusting cucks they might as well be European politicians. permalink Stlpoolguy 5 points 3 hours ago You speak ill of my brother in law, and you're 100% correct. They deserve what's coming, hard and fast. permalink davidac1982 24 points 7 hours ago 0 Americans permalink BrainwashedbyTrump 13 points 5 hours ago People have really no clue how bad this is. Like illegal Mexicans and gangs are bad, but an Islamic invasion where they are now running for office. That's really really really bad. Like way worse. Once they get ahold of government. They'll have so much more power to continue the infiltration and change laws to sharia. We need Trump and ICE on this ASAP. People have no idea. permalink bicentennial_john 1 points 4 hours ago It needs to escalate until people are at least aware its a big problem. If Trump fixes it and no one knew about it, then it was never a problem permalink Bramage 23 points 7 hours ago Somalies are the lowest form of life. permalink jhewish 16 points 6 hours ago There are no larger parasites than Somali's. With Mexicans you might get some cheap labor. With Somali's you get nasty, entitled, leeches that refuse to work and demand more welfare when they have their 6th or 7th kid. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 7 points 6 hours ago The only job they know is building mud huts and eating bugs. In fact that's probably why the WEF loves to import them because they will eat zee bugs and like it permalink South_Florida_Guy 21 points 7 hours ago Make napalm great again permalink Hanrahan 6 points 7 hours ago Smells like... victory permalink TrumpCare 15 points 7 hours ago Bunch of inbreds permalink Easzq8 2 points 6 hours ago They probably don’t even make bread, they just mix rice and dirt together and paw at it with their bare hands permalink JuicyfearsMAGA 1 points 5 hours ago Don't mess with zohan mondani like that permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 14 points 7 hours ago All I see is Goat Fuckers. permalink Finnigantoflannigan 13 points 7 hours ago I wish ICE would clean up ME and MN before the migrate further. permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 4 hours ago Wait Maine is getting like this too?! permalink HockeyMom4Trump 11 points 7 hours ago Minneapolis used to be the most beautiful city. We’ve been invaded and infested and it’s not the same place. It’s sad. permalink budgsxr 9 points 5 hours ago I’m so tired of this crap. They need be rounded up and put on the flight back to desert they came from. permalink Lynnforthetruth 9 points 5 hours ago Get them out of my country!!!!! permalink btntx 8 points 5 hours ago How in the fuck did these shitbags become a majority of the population there and take over local government? permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 2 hours ago obama permalink EBernays 7 points 5 hours ago Imagine the smell permalink MageGills 5 points 4 hours ago I had to work at a warehouse for the winter season several years ago. They brought in a big group of Somalians to work. Dude.. the smell cannot be exaggerated. This one girl you could smell her coming from 20 feet away I'm not even joking. Literally the smell of diarrhea and rotting flesh. permalink caKAG 7 points 7 hours ago Nice place for an ICE Raid permalink PoonDong 6 points 5 hours ago "Look at me! I am the Mayor now!" Deport all Somalis permalink Easzq8 6 points 6 hours ago 0 clean left hands. permalink Braineack 5 points 5 hours ago How is it shocking to see this in Somolia? permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 3 points 7 hours ago This movie is wild 🍿 permalink knnbccb 3 points 3 hours ago Communist. But the brown Muslim variant. They come in different variants. Learn to see through their 'packaging' and recognize what's the true content inside. permalink Whatyougotson 3 points 6 hours ago He looks like the "look at me" guy permalink UncleSlayton 3 points 6 hours ago Nay. Palm. permalink CommanderOfCheese 3 points 5 hours ago Minneapolis? Oh, you mean Mogadishu. permalink JuicyfearsMAGA 3 points 5 hours ago Minneapolis should have less than a 1 percent foreign born population. The rest are illegals and need to be gone. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 3 points 6 hours ago And zero IQ permalink Gotmygoose 3 points 6 hours ago And Minneapolis falls with a hardly a whimper, definitely not a bang. permalink Zippitydoodah 3 points 3 hours ago Somalis, pajeets, Haitians, chinks, nignogs.... every day they're all vying for the top spot of my disgust list permalink USNVET71 2 points 2 hours ago These people need to be removed from our country immediately. Whether they're here legally or not, they do not want to assimilate to this society, they want to take over our country. They need to go back to the trash can they came from immediately? ICE needs to be informed. permalink hansgruber7 2 points 3 hours ago Obama really fucked Minnesota forever, on purpose. permalink CommieCrats 2 points 4 hours ago Napalm permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 2 points 2 hours ago No one running for any federal, state or local elected position should be able to have official campaign events or official campaign materials in any language other than English. Anything else should force immediate and automatic disqualification from the race. permalink Surfsup 2 points 5 hours ago Where was #ICE ? I'm sure a plethora of targets were there. permalink Shitnooo 2 points 5 hours ago Another Paris, France. US better wake up. And democrats ruin another once beautiful city.0 permalink tlorsung 2 points 3 hours ago Omar Fateh and supporters are racist! permalink Mike_Hoxbigg 2 points 2 hours ago Deport, deport, deport. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 2 points 4 hours ago "It's da jewzzzzz" that are the problem in America!!! 😆😆😆🤣😂😅😆 permalink snakeoil 2 points 5 hours ago This is exactly how they took over the uk permalink Systemfree1632 1 points 5 hours ago You can't tell me all these people are here legally , and have the right to vote in our elections . Where is ICE ? permalink Keiichi81 1 points 4 hours ago Remember, a Trump rally being 80% white is cause for concern because MAGA is clearly a white supremacist movement. But a Somali politician having 100% Somalis at his rally is stunning and brave diversity. permalink DCYR66 1 points 48 minutes ago We really need to mass deport that city! permalink HoodooOperator 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 860 Omar Fateh rally in Minneapolis last night. 0 English. 0 American flags. posted 8 hours ago by JTIM 67 comments End Wokeness @EndWokeness • 1d Omar Fateh rally in Minneapolis last night. 0 English. 0 American flags.