1009 Gov. Newsom Claims Credit for Drop in ‘Homelessness’ Due to Trump’s Immigration Crackdown. The same crackdown Newsom has been resisting. (www.frontpagemag.com) posted 7 hours ago by rdvs34283 34 comments Gov. Newsom Claims Credit for Drop in 'Homelessness' Due to Trump's Immigration Crackdown | Frontpage Mag The same crackdown Newsom has been resisting. www.frontpagemag.com 34 comments South_Florida_Guy 44 points 7 hours ago This faggot 100% enjoys spending time smelling his own farts everyday permalink TheSonOfGadsden 19 points 7 hours ago He’d suck his own dick if he could permalink South_Florida_Guy 18 points 7 hours ago Instead he has to settle for others permalink Hanging_Chad 1 points 5 hours ago it’s not hard. just don’t be fat permalink Comanche_Moon 1 points 3 hours ago And don't have a teeny peeny. permalink Scot 1 points 4 hours ago I bet he can. He probably does yoga just for that purpose. permalink EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 2 points 2 hours ago I heard he had his bottom ribs removed specifically to assist with the process. permalink Rob_Belmonte 2 points 2 hours ago I heard he developed interdimensional quantum tunneling based multi-quad transdisplaction portaling technology just so he could suck himself off. permalink NotYourMan 8 points 6 hours ago Gavin, being useless and doing nothing while in office, will take credit for Trump's work. This is what middle managers, career politicians, and H1B-visa employees do: take credit for other peoples work. permalink Cyer6 2 points 2 hours ago I wonder if that greasy fuck really has a chance at the WH? permalink CanadianTrump2 1 points 2 hours ago Lol obviously he is expected to win, hate to burst your bubbles. Biden couldn’t speak clear sentences and was elected permalink caKAG 18 points 7 hours ago Well, Newsom probably just changed the way California counted homeless, so he does deserve credit for manipulating the data. permalink 2020Gop 3 points 4 hours ago Counting is Racist, how many homeless do you feel there are?! permalink Grindelwald 2 points 3 hours ago That’s exactly right. Tents are home, so problem solved. Cardboard make for a good home. permalink HockeyMom4Trump 12 points 7 hours ago He’s such a skeevy douchebag. permalink Keiichi81 9 points 4 hours ago Every Democrat will be doing this by the elections in 2028. Resist every single thing Trump tries to do to improve America, Trump will drag them towards American greatness kicking and screaming, then they'll take credit for the improvements and claim they happened because of unrelated Democrat policies. And at least 40% of the country will completely believe it. permalink 10MeV 2 points 3 hours ago This is what has me so disappointed. You’re absolutely right. permalink rebuildingMyself 8 points 6 hours ago The Democrat way. Just like Trump getting the economy going in 2016 and Obama running around trying to take credit permalink Iremembermypassword 6 points 7 hours ago The least deceptive politician. permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 6 points 6 hours ago Leftists are masters of hypocrisy. permalink cyberwar 6 points 7 hours ago I despise this sociopath permalink Rucktoe 5 points 6 hours ago A democrat taking credit for something someone else accomplished? Shocking! permalink IvIA6A 4 points 6 hours ago He will do it for Xi, just not his own country and people permalink Stanwyk74 2 points 3 hours ago This is why I said for Trump to not help these commies! They get credit where he helps them and cast blame for the problems permalink jiujiujiu 2 points 6 hours ago He’s a stone cold loser. permalink Sparks1017 2 points 5 hours ago Sleazy hairgel hitler faggot permalink JamesBond007 2 points 4 hours ago He’s Patrick Bateman from “American Psycho” permalink Bullet3250 2 points 5 hours ago Newsom 2028 "A Free Tent for every Family" permalink cd3dog 1 points 6 hours ago Playing both sides of the street with a straight face. What else is a good politician to do? permalink thebeercules 1 points 4 hours ago Sun Tzu: "Never interrupt your opponent while he is in the middle of making a mistake." JD Vance is going to destroy Newscum in 2028! :D permalink TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 4 hours ago And the faggots in California will believe him. permalink cpt_majestic2 1 points 6 hours ago Curious what he does for the Olympics. permalink Bullet3250 1 points 5 hours ago Larger Tent cities??? permalink 1009 Gov. Newsom Claims Credit for Drop in ‘Homelessness’ Due to Trump’s Immigration Crackdown. The same crackdown Newsom has been resisting. (www.frontpagemag.com) posted 7 hours ago by rdvs34283 34 comments Gov. Newsom Claims Credit for Drop in 'Homelessness' Due to Trump's Immigration Crackdown | Frontpage Mag The same crackdown Newsom has been resisting. www.frontpagemag.com