805 USA Hospital "Systems" Are Completely Corrupted & Run By WEF-CCP Aligned Globalists - _ Choosing Where You Go & WHO You Choose for Health Care Is a Life & Death Decision __ YES - They Really ARE Out to Get YOU! posted 3 hours ago by KMOB 124 comments 124 comments USDMaga 77 points 3 hours ago I was treated for stage 4 cancer. With the problems I had, if treated in the UK I would now be dead. US has different set of treatment rules that protected me. Its not just third world doctors you have to watch out for. permalink Albo22 28 points 3 hours ago Glad you are alive permalink RonPaulWasRight 4 points 1 hour ago Me too, assuming you're a decent person. permalink Chickensaurus 16 points 3 hours ago Yep. People bitch about US Healthcare, but it's a million times better than England. permalink NY2KCMO1776 7 points 2 hours ago As a bone marrow transplant survivor (5 years this Aug 25th) I slightly disagree. I was almost killed at the hands of negligent BLACK nurses that couldn't give one shit about infection control and mitigation. I have dealt with rude belligerent nurses and anesthesiologists when i had to get my biopsies to the point i told them they wont touch me and find other staff to fo the procedures. My wonderful oncologist at NYU had to FIGHT united healthcare for my liver detox pills to get all the toxic iron out of my liver from the blood transfusion. They denied me 3 fucking times and the anxiety i faced while already going through a transplant was horrendous. 3rd world doctors that push opiates on me. Fought one asian dr that argued with me that i was going to take fentanyl or I wouldn't have my transplant, even though it was marked in my chart im allergic to fentanyl. Found this out when i had surgery a few months prior and against my please a nurse gave me fent and i crashed. Oh and lets not forget the shame and near fist fights i had with nurses and medical staff because i refused the clot shot and thet were trying to deny me treatment. I have stories for days and i tell any and everyone, get in the best shape of your life, eat clean and avoid doctors at all costs. If you must go, have someone you trust with you at all times to advocate for you, because these demons will do their best to kill you. permalink Elencher 4 points 2 hours ago In the UK you can just get killed by rude negligent muslims instead of rune negligent joggers. permalink NY2KCMO1776 4 points 2 hours ago Isnt diversity grand?? permalink view 2 more comments... NotYourMan 1 points 53 minutes ago And the MSM trusted these traitors to judge use because we didn't want the COVID mRNA poison shot! permalink TPMJB 3 points 2 hours ago People fail to realize all those "rankings" of healthcare systems look at Primary care alone. US is second to Switzerland, maaaaaybe Singapore in specialist care. I got surgeries in the US I could get nowhere else. While my arm is not 100%, it's functional. Iceland supposedly has good healthcare. If I got Chlamydia like 90% of the population there, I'd be seen right away. For tinnitus? 6 month wait. And then I got seen for about ten minutes before getting thrown out the door by a doctor who said I was just old (at 30). permalink Saxonlady 1 points 2 hours ago Unless you are a muslim invader. permalink Now_On_to_Mars 12 points 3 hours ago UK is 2.5 World moving to 3 permalink AVeryNakedMan 7 points 2 hours ago Canada would have suggested suicide. permalink EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 5 points 2 hours ago They probably would have mandated it, tbh. permalink FrankWisner 4 points 2 hours ago But they might unfreeze your bank account to pay for it. permalink ShadowInv 2 points 2 hours ago Only if white permalink MrCuriousGuy513 3 points 2 hours ago Good to hear that you got the treatment that you needed. I’m probably going to sound like a broken record now but 2020 revealed so much about our malcontents planning and scheming. I still say, whether it was luck or his heart being concerned about America, Operation Warp Speed was a good call by him. Our malcontents, most likely, planned The Lockdowns to be for years to come, as they would systematically extinguish the gullible and soft hearted first by way of the hospitals. “Brave New World” comes to mind. Trump, again intentionally or not, pushed the situation faster than the malcontents could control and manipulate. I like to think God had a hand in that. Now more things are being revealed and we can see our corruption, front and center. permalink Saxonlady 2 points 2 hours ago Hadn't thought about it like that. Maybe their plan was for years of COVID fear and control and didn't anticipate Trump's solution which shortened the plan. Obviously they had to pivot and jump on the vaccine wagon pretty sharpish to exploit the financial waterfall before the spigot got shut off. permalink least_counties_ever 41 points 3 hours ago As a career semiconductor engineer, competing with imported slaves for decades, my response to US doctors is from the movie Die Hard: "Welcome to the party pal." permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 23 points 2 hours ago semiconductor engineer So you run the train 1/2 the time and punch tickets the other 1/2 ? ︎ permalink Perseverant 8 points 2 hours ago Chef's kiss dad content right here. permalink MemeWarsVet 7 points 2 hours ago Wew. permalink macocontentfarmer 2 points 1 hour ago it's been going on for a while but at the residency level. i'd love to know how the useless globalist AMA or all the boards that supposedly have our backs explain this away. permalink LORDFALCONE 29 points 3 hours ago This is already the case. Last time I had to go to the hospital everyone was Indian, the doctors, nurses, student nurses even the fkn lunch lady was Indian. The paper work and all the posters were in English first then punjabi. Not Spanish. Wish I was kidding permalink killedmytv 12 points 2 hours ago Half the doctors in every hospital and clinic here in SE Michigan are named Mohammed or Patel... there's also a Dr. Atchoo permalink Kolob64 15 points 2 hours ago Bless you permalink Wooster97 3 points 2 hours ago They sure are. White replacement in full swing. White people are literally about to become nearly extinct without a gun ever being fired permalink hellohellohellohell 7 points 3 hours ago Would you mind telling us where this is? permalink LORDFALCONE 12 points 3 hours ago Albuquerque. UNM. permalink Seldom_Seen_Kid 3 points 2 hours ago My FIL saw ONE American doctor while hospitalized at our local VA. The rest were foreign and could hardly be understood. permalink BoltCarrierGroup 2 points 2 hours ago Yep, every single hospital, doctors office, and dentist are Indian. They get all these exceptions to steal slots from Americans at our own universities with grants that pay for their college. Why do we allow foreigners to take American spaces in our universities? If you go down a rabbit hole, it’s bad. These Indians have full companies that their only role is to take entrance exams and send fake documentation with fake grades to US universities to get them slots. Then some random NGO’s get these foreigners money to attend our colleges. permalink KekistanPM 1 points 2 hours ago This is terrible...though I would get a little satisfaction out of an illegal from Mexico complaining about it. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 20 points 3 hours ago Wow, the "vote blue no matter who" medical school grads must be super happy about this, right? It was ok when it was truck drivers, construction workers, skilled tradesman, factory workers, etc. If all of those people are incompetent accidents can lead to injury or death. Why wouldn't it also be ok for doctors, then? We honestly need repatriation for all illegal and most legal immigrants at this point. Our culture and nation is so debated its on lifesupport. permalink Forty_Five 16 points 3 hours ago Heads On Pikes permalink HuntsBiden 14 points 3 hours ago "You can keep your doctor," the Kenyan sneered. permalink notsuicidalatall 11 points 3 hours ago North Carolina remains on the path to shit hole ness. The state as a hole wants to be East California. I avoid the doctors here. They aren't very experienced and have not helped me or my wife solve any thing we've gone to them with. In the south east they like to say, "this is your new normal", or "this is normal for your age". Don't move here. I wish i moved to the mountains or fuck, even Florida. permalink TheRPatriot 3 points 3 hours ago Fuuuuck don’t tell me that. I’ve been thinking of moving there because the state seems to be on a great path, and welcomes republicans permalink notsuicidalatall 10 points 2 hours ago Here's my rundown. I like many transplants from the north east or pacific west, moved here because of the affordability (property/property taxes). I live in the "Triangle" region but in a mostly rural area. I've been here 6 years. Since moving here 6 years ago, I now see muslim woman in the elementary school, one is a teacher already, and many out and about. I also see way more Indians than i used to see. I actually never saw an indian until the last 2 years. My children attended a methodist pre-school when they were younger. (We are not methodist). All students back then were white and maybe a couple of black kids. Now 9 out of 10 are Indian. Things to know - You pay sales tax on food, clothing, everything here. In addition to state taxes you pay local county (fire district) taxes. You pay property taxes on utility trailers, boats, boat motors, trailers, etc. Both state and county (local) taxes. WaWa is now open here. WaWa is a convenience / gas station chain popular in New Jersey and Penn. for decades, they are now here. It feels like everyone from New Jersey who moved here to get out of the ethnic cesspool moved here and suddenly created a demand for some of the shit they missed from up north. This was a land of pick up trucks and Jeeps 6 years ago. Now i see Teslas out the wazoo. I think you can head west if you like the mountains but stay away from asheville for obvious reasons. You can head someone east and find a lot of open space. But here in the triangle, any open space is being developed at alarming rates. I don't regret moving here, or leaving New Jersey, but i would have moved to a town further off the beaten path if i saw this coming. permalink TheRPatriot 3 points 2 hours ago Damn…. That’s the problem. I’m a north Easter. I need to be by the ocean, but it sounds like that’s where the trash is at permalink notsuicidalatall 1 points 2 hours ago Outer Banks is nice. But remember during COVID they closed the bridge and woulnd't let any one in, even permanent residents. There are other beach areas, a lot of them. But I don't know enough about them to help. permalink NY2KCMO1776 2 points 2 hours ago This sounds EXACTLY like fucking Kansas. Im a political refugee from NYC and in the almost 3 years o have been here ibhave seen and experienced the exact same thing. permalink notsuicidalatall 4 points 1 hour ago My kid takes tae-kwan-do. Lately a dozen indian kids started classes. Like within the last 8 months. My kid took about 1 year to earn 6 belts after going around 2 times per week. The indian parents drop their kids off (they are always late btw) every night of the week. The parent leave, except for 1. They treat it like cheap night - care. It's around 179.00 per month per kid. So they drop their younger kids off at the first session with their older kids that have a higher belt but dont start until the late session. They treat people like their servants. Finally, because they go to every fucking class night, they all have passed my daughter in belt rank. It's infuriating. They dont smile. They don't have fun. With their fucking sandals and ugly feet. Go to fucking hyderabad or pune with that shit. I'm exhausted with them. permalink view 3 more comments... ShadowInv 1 points 2 hours ago The Indians are there for the tech jobs and high paying jobs. Just like Northern VA. White people need to build new companies and keep them out. permalink TNgirl4Trump 3 points 2 hours ago If you’re a MAGA Patriot, I invite you to look at Tennessee. 😊 permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 2 hours ago Only problem is, it’s not a coastal place :( I need ocean access permalink Sgt_Hulka 1 points 2 hours ago I am and am! Just waiting for the kid to finish school and then Operation New Volunteer kicks in. permalink bleeje 1 points 2 hours ago What makes it seem to be on a great path? permalink TheRPatriot 1 points 2 hours ago Jobs reports permalink KekistanPM 2 points 2 hours ago Terrible, but I'd rather have them send me away empty handed than with drugs that will make things worse. permalink Donold 10 points 3 hours ago Jew governor. permalink LaptopDied 1 points 2 hours ago Only for the last six months. Josh Stein went in January 2025. permalink Slickyslim33 10 points 2 hours ago The goal is to make everything absolutely so horrible, you will scream for commie shit. There is no logic to be had in any law from here out. We have been at critical mass for years. Trump is absolutely the last hope. permalink Bohemyth_2 7 points 3 hours ago how about the companies who put the stuff in food that make you go see the doctor this vicious fucking cycle has to stop. Hey, Doc Fuck your Porsche, your big house, and your fancy toys you got at our expense Medical Industrial Complex Fatigue levels at max permalink DanIsSwell 6 points 2 hours ago Then, you go to the doctor and it’s “take these prescription medications to mask your bad health, and take these other prescription medications to mask the symptoms caused by the other medications” permalink yodayoda 7 points 2 hours ago well the rest of us are losing our jobs to 3rd worlders. why not doctors too? 🤷‍♂️ permalink henri_derelicte 6 points 3 hours ago The US has high enough salaries that we should be able to attract the best and brightest from developed countries. Think Europe, Australia, Canada. We don’t need to import from the third world. permalink KekistanPM 4 points 2 hours ago "Best we can do is ghost jobs and nepotism." permalink flashersenpai 1 points 42 minutes ago damn permalink ShadowInv 1 points 2 hours ago Those countries are all brown now too. White kids didn’t have enough kids 20 years ago. permalink KMOB OP 6 points 3 hours ago https://x.com/laralogan/status/1957571203817750676 permalink Tim_Berframer 5 points 3 hours ago Have they gotten their VAXXX indoctrination training? permalink Formerlurker92 4 points 3 hours ago The infadel died of natural causes. Ignore the stab wounds permalink KennethsFrequency 3 points 2 hours ago " and we billed Medicare for a new Mosque, thanks!" permalink SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 2 hours ago The Democrats did this, pushing all non legal credentials and they sometimes don't even know how to check if a doctor wasn't taught by his witch doctor grandmother. ICE needs to be stationed at the hospitals checking on illegals and deporting them. Those 3rd world countries they came from need doctors more than we need them, especially with AI in the healthcare system. ICE, ICE, MEDIC. Oh, you were a surgeon in Haiti at BBQ's, well then, let's get you started on the registration of Haiti doctors, we need diversity. permalink YouAreIgnorant 4 points 2 hours ago SAME WITH ALL NATO COUNTRIES. WE ARE UNDER SUBVERSIVE ATTACK. permalink NoWinning4U 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink notsuicidalatall 4 points 2 hours ago The fact check on this exposes an even worse reality, that they are doing this for understaffed "rural" hospitals. So this means rural north carolina will be flooded with brown skinned foreigners in under 10 years: https://leadstories.com/hoax-alert/2025/08/fact-check-nc-did-not-pass-law-allowing-foreign-doctors-to-practice-without-us-test.html permalink MAGALADON9 3 points 2 hours ago New show Similar to House but maybe Dr Hut. An African traditional medicine guy who diagnoses his people with various evil spitits and advocated amputated albino penises for good fortune; the cure for AIDS is being a pedo. We could have spin off Muslims that specialize in FGM and advocate drinking camel urine (as Mohammed did), the possibility is endless permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 3 points 2 hours ago They've been doing this with Filipino RNs for decades. They attend some unaccredited shithole strip mall "nursing school" in some village without running water. Then they get a Phillipines endorsed license. Then some exploitative companies get them H1Bs and whisk them over the Pacific Ocean to work for half the wage of American nurses meanwhile letting the hospitals completely write off their wages as tax deductions. And they slip some money to the licensing board to rubber stamp their dogshit "license" as equivalent to the US. permalink Friar_Pede 3 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/ImMeme0/status/1956705683308441617?t=v7_L02Fsz5j2-vHJwq7frA&s=19 permalink Prof_Smith 3 points 2 hours ago Don't trust any of them. I don't and won't trust any doctors. permalink KennethsFrequency 4 points 2 hours ago Everyone needs to ask EVERY doctor EVERY visit to see their US medical license, literally MAKE them pull it out and show you permalink FuckReddit4545 2 points 2 hours ago The entire system is a joke. Insurance companies and hospitals will outright lie to you. Before getting my wife's current insurance (my employer backed option was a joke) we called both parties and they claimed we were covered and the hospital accepts our insurance. Literally the night before her procedure, the hospital calls and says they won't take our insurance, they're out of network and have never even heard of them. We got quoted $4600, paid half and put the other half on a reasonable payment plan. Then we get hit with another bill for 3k more saying the first was just an estimate. Meanwhile you can be an illegal or a drug addicted transient and pay nothing. I'm so over this shit its not even funny. Nothing works right anymore, nothing makes sense. Covid broke society. Life was never fair and that's fine, but before covid things just ran better. Now its all ass backwards. Heck it costs up 4k a year to insure two vehicles. I've never had so much as a speeding ticket. Fuck this entire system. permalink greatpumpkin 2 points 56 minutes ago 'Shake these bones and rub yourself with this goat urine gel x2/day.' permalink BibleProphecyFulfill 2 points 2 hours ago Let them cook. Healthcare is too expensive, and it starts with overpriced colleges and universities. permalink flashersenpai 5 points 2 hours ago The prices never go down. The medical corps are just going to pay docs less and pocket the change. permalink Panda321 2 points 2 hours ago This was always the case if doctor worked under the hospital license and signs off . Now the shift blame away for the hospital and to the state . We have nurses and pa basically doing what doctors do now . Hospitals will pay these new doctors probably less than what a resident makes . Scam to more money for hospitals and insurance companies permalink ingrowntoenail 2 points 2 hours ago When searching for a new specialist I always pay attention to their names. I only use Anglican type names. I avoid the mohummads, changs, etc. permalink Kolob64 2 points 2 hours ago Ironically, I leave the US for higher quality care. permalink elgordo 2 points 2 hours ago These foreign shithole countries are notorious for people paying for fake degrees and now we don't even have a safety gate in place with the required testing or residency to weed them out. Yay! permalink The_Yakuza 2 points 2 hours ago I remember when my brother did his residency at a local hospital. Entire departs were basically taken over by foreigners. These people graduate college from their third world countries for free (government school) or for very very cheap. Then they get the H1-b golden ticket to come over to the US to work. They get preferential treatment in hiring. So, yeah why waste your time and money as an American citizen trying to become a doctor while your entire industry is being take over by third worlders who will work for cheaper and have zero college debt to worry about. It’s like this in every state across multiple careers. END H1-B permalink PhoneBandit 1 points 42 minutes ago Duke is going to love this. permalink Tdr287 1 points 42 minutes ago AI will replace doctors first permalink RealmanPwns 1 points 25 minutes ago The July 2025 law requires foreign doctors to pass "a test chosen by the North Carolina Medical Board", "only practice in rural hospitals", and "be supervised by another licensed physician". https://www.yahoo.com/news/articles/fact-check-north-carolina-did-104659309.html https://www.ncmedboard.org/images/uploads/other_pdfs/SL202537Public_Summary_on_Letterhead.pdf permalink GhostOfTheRepublic 1 points 2 hours ago So, laws are supposed to be written to correct issues in society. What is the problem they are trying to correct anyway with this law? They are creating problems not fixing them. FFS we are governed by corrupt criminal people. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 38 minutes ago The "problem" they want to correct is to add more fake doctors so the medical cartel (school>licensing board>corpos) can keep prices high without loosening their monopoly on healthcare. They want to import cheap foreigners rather than open up the profession for more americans. Fast track jobs for Sanjeet, hundreds of thousands of student debt for John USA. permalink Skywise 1 points 39 minutes ago WT ever living F?! Once again - non-Americans (including illegals) have more rights and freedoms than WE do. Don’t need to be licensed in the US to put out your doctors shingle?! Meanwhile we put our doctor students through 12 years of school, training and indoctrination and THEN force them to take exams to get a license and then, maybe, MAYBE they’ll be allowed to setup shop. But watch out - here comes Dr. Mohammed who got a 4 year degree in Southeast Asia, he can skate right in… permalink ProudAmerican84 1 points 54 minutes ago Fucking enraging! permalink DJTLandSlide2020 1 points 23 minutes ago Lara Logan > Laura Looner Change my mind. permalink bluewhiteandred 1 points 22 minutes ago insane would be nice if we could pivot this discussion somehow to abolishing compulsory government licensing for providing medical treatment in the first place (unless we want miseducated covid jabber "doctors" running the medical show) permalink NukeTheNarrative 1 points 22 minutes ago There is a great evil hiding in our health care system. The healthiest thing a person can do is avoid getting caught up in it at all costs. permalink Aluminoti 1 points 2 hours ago Private equity and hedge funds buying up every aspect of health care. They control the hospitals, the pharmaceuticals, the patient's health insurance and the doctor's malpractice insurance. I've gone to the Doctor and never get seen by an actual doctor it's either a physician's assistant or nurse practitioner. Now it will be some uneducated H1B, all in the interest of corporate profits not patient health. permalink AerialRush 1 points 36 minutes ago They're doing this simultaneously in UK, Ireland, Canada, Australia and I'm sure many others as well. This is all planned from the blood-sucking demons at the top of world government. permalink RocksCanOnlyWait 1 points 2 hours ago Don't forget the flip side of medical licensing. 5 years ago, doctors were threatened with having their licenses revoked if they spoke out against the COVID narrative. permalink Trumpchosenone2000 1 points 2 hours ago This is to much Alex Jones QANON bullshit. permalink madeaprofilejustforu 1 points 6 minutes ago “Rub fish dicks on it Saar, then soak in rock blood Saar. Then pray to babalabashmishmi Saar. If you are not healed I will rape your dodder Saar.” permalink The_Michael 1 points 2 hours ago No, no no this is misinformation. The affordable healthcare act that 5000+ page bill fixed all of that! permalink SigAR 1 points 2 hours ago Owning nothing and being happy is now off the table permalink MathletesFoot 1 points 2 hours ago No shit, this has been a problem since the 80s at least. permalink MatterThatMetals 1 points 17 minutes ago Truth. Dismantle the entire system. permalink Gildoom 1 points 59 minutes ago The meme is classified as fake news, cause the doctors completed their residency in their country. Literally, the meme is true so it is fake news... I despise these fact checker retards. permalink Froynlavenfroynlaven 0 points 2 hours ago No US doctors are being replaced here, there's always a need for more physicians. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 34 minutes ago Med students are denied placements to advance in their careers while foreigners are allowed to show up off the boat and take those jobs. permalink PowerOfBlues -2 points 2 hours ago All doctors are assholes Stay the hell away from them unless you are severely suffering Preventative medicine is an evil scam that's designed to turn every healthy person into an anxious perpetual medical patient One of the main purposes of religion is to ease our anxiety about all the adversity that life throws at us The desire to see into the future and preemptively change our fate is a symptom of anxiety..... And that fantastical desire has inspired people to go to fortune tellers for thousands of years..... And all the major religions disapprove of this desire Preventative medicine is just high-tech medical fortune telling..... whether or not it's actually more effective than going to a fortune teller is beside the point The point is that it's fortune telling based on what it promises..... The ability to see into your medical future and preemptively change your fate through "early intervention"... thereby giving you "extra years" added to your lifespan So instead of people enjoying their good health and being content with however many years God gives them in this life...... We have people who feel perfectly healthy allowing themselves to be treated like sick people..... Allowing doctors to put them on prescription medication and perform preemptive surgeries on them... There's something ghoulishly perverse about promising to add extra years to people's lifespan by taking people who feel perfectly healthy and treating them like sick people..... "First we're going to check your numbers...... and if your numbers are too high ..then we're going to probe further..... and if we don't like what we see ...then we're going to cut you open...... and once we cut you open ...then we go back to checking your numbers that much more diligently..... because we've now turned you into a sick person"........LOL....What a great way to enjoy feeling perfectly healthy! Go ahead all you freaking Normies...... Run to your doctor and chase after those extra years..... Because all your friends neighbors relatives and co-workers are doing the same thing..... Because you've been trained like dogs by our evil secularist ruling class to fret about your lifespan and what might eventually kill you . That's right..... Fret about your health and worship your Man-Gods of science and technology.... Because hospitals aren't just for the severely ill and injured anymore.... They're for EVERYBODY!!.. . With brand new annexes everywhere for your added convenience!......I'm just a caveman with better things to do permalink ferventFerret9 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink HoodooOperator 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink ferventFerret9 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink BobSacano 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 805 USA Hospital "Systems" Are Completely Corrupted & Run By WEF-CCP Aligned Globalists - _ Choosing Where You Go & WHO You Choose for Health Care Is a Life & Death Decision __ YES - They Really ARE Out to Get YOU! posted 3 hours ago by KMOB 124 comments ×