885 Oui Oui Paris! posted 7 hours ago by twentytwentyfourr 115 comments The Daily Sneed™ @Tr00peRR • 1d Meanwhile in Paris. 115 comments -f-b-i- 96 points 7 hours ago I think I should buy another gun today. permalink nakedjay 23 points 6 hours ago Did any mods sticky Andrew Bailey becoming co-deputy at the FBI? I never saw it last night, pretty big news. permalink Gadsden 15 points 6 hours ago Noooooooooooo! I'm happy for the guy, but we lost Schmidt to higher office and now Bailey, too? They are both the best AG in the United States... I can't imagine we luck out a third time. permalink nakedjay 6 points 5 hours ago Yeah, I doubt Missouri gets a third based AG. permalink hellohellohellohell 15 points 5 hours ago I wonder if that's a message to Bondi, that there's now a competent AG waiting in the wings if she doesn't stop futzing around. permalink Whoopies_tds 4 points 6 hours ago Yes permalink nakedjay 3 points 6 hours ago If you do a search for "bailey" none of the posts were highly upvoted. I was thinking the mods may have missed it last night. permalink NotYourMan 9 points 6 hours ago This is how the leaders or politicians want it to be. We are watching politicians that have been purchased allow an invasion of useless people into the country with the goal of destroying the EU. And its working. Buy the politicians get them to allow a flood of useless illegal aliens into the country and then watch civilization fall apart. Welcome to diversity paid for by those that hate the EU. permalink Keiichi81 7 points 4 hours ago Because it benefits the elite 1% if the bottom 99% are fighting among themselves. If you're too busy fending off migrants and trying to keep your daughters from being raped, you won't have any energy left to revolt against the aristocracy. permalink spez_this 5 points 6 hours ago Just don't take it to that shithole they call Paris. France has some of the strictest gun control laws in Europe. permalink ParticleCannon 8 points 6 hours ago Hence the ooga boogas with le birds and le shit permalink Aggrieved03 3 points 6 hours ago That should be every day. permalink Mungo 3 points 4 hours ago Just always carry the one you already own. permalink Another_ID 62 points 7 hours ago Every adult knows there's only one way out of this. permalink MaxJohnson 15 points 6 hours ago Vote harder? permalink ZacPetkanas 13 points 5 hours ago Austrian painters? permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 1 points 3 hours ago ︎ No one buy his paintings. He's got another opportunity on the horizon. ︎ permalink TheCandiru 9 points 6 hours ago Rhymes with broo-sade permalink mydogma8yourkarma 7 points 5 hours ago Rooftop Koreans? permalink diverscale 3 points 3 hours ago Giving reparations? permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 2 hours ago in the form of lead permalink South_Florida_Guy 45 points 7 hours ago It's almost every major city in Europe permalink aoneleggedduck 23 points 6 hours ago God bless Poland permalink EthnoEuro 9 points 5 hours ago Now watch this and let it sink in that france is still 85% european white while the US is now only 57% white. permalink covok48 2 points 5 hours ago They’ve Jewed the numbers hard. Did you see the last census? You could self identify any way you wanted and they would count it. Plenty of Whites made themselves non-White. We’re easily 70% White. permalink EthnoEuro 3 points 4 hours ago If you include all the hispanic mutts, maybe. But im talking about non-hispanic whites. permalink rebuildingMyself 2 points 4 hours ago And the browns (and their Greatest Allies) are all cheering at the idea of Whites falling behind in numbers. You think DEI was bad before, just wait and see when the supply of whites keeping the lights on collapses permalink monkadelic 2 points 1 hour ago Already saw it happen in South Africa. Didn't wake anyone up, didn't change any laws or views. Its inevitable. permalink AR_MAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Exactly, most people don't realize that and they think we are in a White country. Sadly, not anymore. permalink BrewSwillis 24 points 6 hours ago Of course, the rainbow haired white girls were backing the Sub-Saharan invaders. permalink bidensmissingbrain 9 points 5 hours ago Well of course, they don’t like their rape fantasies being made to look bad. permalink Hanrahan 23 points 7 hours ago Good luck defending yourself. The useless pig shit retards will come after you. permalink Whoopies_tds 14 points 6 hours ago Whoa hold up bigot, their ancestors built the Eiffel Tower permalink SomeGuyOnTheInternet 19 points 6 hours ago Is it just me or does it seem like none of these African guys can fight? Why would these guys let them push them around like that? permalink American-Patriot 19 points 6 hours ago Cuz they know the state and the police will protect them and have their backs. Literally they only reason permalink ZacPetkanas 17 points 5 hours ago Individually, you’re probably right. But they’ll Zerg-rush you and then you’re beaten bloody and probably contracted HIV from them spitting on your wounds permalink diverscale 3 points 3 hours ago Fucking I had a good laugh at this permalink SomeGuyOnTheInternet 2 points 3 hours ago Fair point. permalink WhitePowerRanger 0 points 2 hours ago You can’t get HIV from spit. I’d more more concerned with TB or parasites permalink ZacPetkanas 0 points 2 hours ago It’s rare but not impossible permalink WhitePowerRanger 1 points 1 hour ago It’s impossible permalink jhewish 15 points 6 hours ago Plenty of cultural enrichment. France is a much stronger place with these dumb black toddler IQ savages. If you watch the entire video you'll see some interesting things like the French cops telling them they can fight back if they get assaulted and also mentioning several times that "these are not French people" to make it clear these are invaders that have nothing to do with France. The cops also pursue and arrest several of them on video based on the video evidence. The police do not seem to be cucked. A little pushback from law enforcement and the country can be saved. permalink Cptthunder 2 points 4 hours ago Only if their equivalent to a district attorney isn't. permalink Liberals_R_Idiots 12 points 7 hours ago https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0414852/ gets closer to reality daily. Storyline: In the near future, the worst ghettos of Paris, France are literally walled off and among the worst is District B13. Controlled by the ruthless crime lord, Taha, a young righteous punk named Leïto is determined to bring him down. When the boss retaliates by kidnapping his sister, Lola, a rescue attempt by Leïto is destroyed by betrayal that gets him arrested and Lola kept in the clutches in Taha. Six months later, a crackerjack undercover cop named Damien is given a urgent mission: a neutron bomb has been stolen by Taha in District B13 which has an automatic timer function engaged and set to detonate in less than 24 hours. Now with time running out, Damien and Leïto must work together to find and stop the bomb, but there is far more to this crisis than any of the field players realize. permalink Retard_Strength 13 points 7 hours ago replace the neutron bomb with one made of human shit and dead birds permalink ScrewReddit 4 points 6 hours ago The only movie I've watched where I was disappointed that the bomb didn't go off. permalink Saxonlady 12 points 6 hours ago "...it's their country now" Some Americans have no idea how lucky they are to have Trump and The Constitution. No. Fucking. Idea. permalink DagneyTaggart 11 points 6 hours ago We need to round up all these mf’ers and drop them at the doorstep of every Uniparty cunt and K Street grifter. permalink Calumet57 11 points 7 hours ago No friends made today. permalink twentytwentyfourr OP 9 points 7 hours ago my friend! come here! its no problem! I punch you! permalink Calumet57 7 points 6 hours ago with a knife even? permalink Retard_Strength 10 points 7 hours ago that cop sounds real confident in his answer of 'Yes?' permalink SeamusOtardy 11 points 5 hours ago Then he says, “God bless you and God bless the work you're doing.” What work? They arrived on scene after 35 minutes and leaned on the fender? This is the single most popular tourist attraction in the city. Why isn’t there a the the very least a flatfoot walking around policing the area? permalink Louis_1313 10 points 6 hours ago Doesn't matter the country, if a numb digger puts its hands on me I'm fighting back. This shit needs to stop. No more tolerance for the blacks or the exploding sand people permalink covok48 -2 points 5 hours ago Talking tough behind that keyboard. permalink PoonDong 8 points 5 hours ago White Parisian women flipping the camera off. This version of Paris is what my great grandfather fought and died for in WWII? permalink CommieCucker 8 points 4 hours ago Parisian women were banging Germans as soon as they stepped out of their tanks permalink Zippitydoodah 5 points 3 hours ago At least the Germans were White. Like, really White. Superior, one might even say. permalink PoonDong 3 points 4 hours ago True. permalink TrumpForPresident 7 points 6 hours ago By the way, this is what Germany looks like now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_kKHvbZ4lE permalink Ligersrule1 6 points 6 hours ago Incompatible with Western civilization permalink MocksFordComma 6 points 6 hours ago Europe is lost. Get us out of NATO. We’re gonna spend money supporting THAT? permalink EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 5 points 4 hours ago I hate nucking figgers. permalink ConsrvspkgNJ 5 points 6 hours ago What makes this most troubling is this is the first time I have seen the Haji invaders in one of the main tourist sites. In the past the PNP did a good job of keeping the vagrants and the Haji's away from the Louvre, The Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame and Sacre Cour. Clearly the PNP and the Paris government have surrendered Paris. This is the second time in 85 years Paris has surrendered to an invading horde that hates Jews. permalink 13MMshooter 5 points 5 hours ago I have a dream that one day, the content of your character will be enough to execute or deport you.. permalink Bullet3250 5 points 7 hours ago 'He seems nice' permalink ModernKnight 8 points 6 hours ago lowers binoculars "Fascinating." permalink red_holiday2 4 points 4 hours ago T.N.D. permalink Zippitydoodah 3 points 3 hours ago Right now permalink Antenna 4 points 5 hours ago Why are they all speaking English?? permalink Oodles 4 points 5 hours ago White liberal women always promoting White genocide at the hands of invading black criminals permalink FireTheCannons1776 4 points 5 hours ago Pickpockets and thieves. permalink SBOJ_JOBS 4 points 6 hours ago Taking video at Paris landmarks is a HateCrime. It has always been a HateCrime. Refusing to believe NewHistory is a HateCrime. It has always been a HateCrime. SocialOrder requires the elimination of HateCrime. It has always required the elimination of HateCrime. HateCrime has no place here. permalink wolfsettler 3 points 6 hours ago Keep filming. The proper authorities will be able to watch it as you're conquered by the very people they're ordered to protect at the fost of your tax dollars. permalink JamesBond007 3 points 5 hours ago They have “liberally progressed” to a shi@hole country permalink WesternCivilization 3 points 5 hours ago Someone show this video to Joy Reid permalink Oodles 3 points 5 hours ago Why do they care if anyone films? The faggoty French cops obviously don’t give a shit about these criminals committing crimes permalink Zippitydoodah 3 points 3 hours ago I assume the nignogs know this is highly touristy area and probably regularly shake down and scam tourists. Maybe it's a control thing, making people behave the way they tell them just because they can. Maybe the white tourist started filming all of the nignogs and they told him to stop, he didn't, and it escalated into a fight simply because he said NO to them, which they probably never hear. He's obviously an American tourist. I wish the French would react this way to the afrikangs too permalink Oodles 2 points 1 hour ago They are definitely bullying and scamming tourists, but why would filming it make a difference? The cops could just send an undercover cop down there any time of day and catch them in the act. The cops obviously don't care, so why do the nogs? permalink Keiichi81 3 points 4 hours ago And if you lay a hand on these "precious immigrant New French" then that same "security" doing nothing while you get assaulted will suddenly be swarming your ass and arresting you for a hate crime. permalink DenturesNancy 2 points 2 hours ago pink haired white person is the cause of all this permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 6 hours ago Nasty!!! permalink YouAreIgnorant 2 points 4 hours ago Animals. permalink NZ_Pede 2 points 4 hours ago Tyler Oliveira. He has another video about Rome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkA_iKKonyw permalink UltraMAGAMilton 2 points 4 hours ago Guns . . permalink Amarant9 2 points 6 hours ago Man, it sure would suck if somebody showed up to that place with a fully automatic, heavy caliber machine gun, and decided to take some trash out… permalink ragnarokrobo 2 points 6 hours ago Why are the cucked white guys letting the nogs put their hands all over them and thanking them? permalink FusionBlack 2 points 5 hours ago Screw all of this globalism. I foresee the time when our borders will have to close for everyone. permalink SigAR 2 points 2 hours ago They who run the world seem to be trying their fucking hardest to make saying "Hitler was right" ot did nothing wrong a true meme permalink EthnoEuro 2 points 5 hours ago Now watch this and let it sink in that france is still 85% european white while the US is now only 57% white. permalink covok48 0 points 4 hours ago No it isn’t, Eurofag. permalink stillbringingitback 2 points 5 hours ago I’d be dropping so many N bombs lol permalink leakmouth 2 points 5 hours ago France is no longer France https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-q6DNwx2_Ac&pp=0gcJCf8Ao7VqN5tD permalink Klaus73 1 points 2 hours ago I am disappointed this isn't the Paris scene from Team-America World Police. permalink DrTar 1 points 5 hours ago How many assaults are there in that clip? permalink SpiderTaxi 1 points 14 minutes ago Africa. permalink CommieCucker 1 points 4 hours ago Just knock old twig arms on his ass, what is the issue here permalink thisisatestof2 1 points 3 hours ago Diversity! permalink Treefiddydiddy 1 points 2 hours ago absolute fucking SHITSHOW, run into the ground by sarkozy and continued by that tranpa fucking cokehead permalink bigbossman2 1 points 3 hours ago Diversity is their strength permalink Beelzy 1 points 3 hours ago Target Rich Environment. Get some. 🏴‍☠️ permalink harryparatestes 1 points 3 hours ago Paris deserves it. permalink Pwrxs 1 points 1 hour ago The shot of the two white women enjoying the spectacle they voted for.. permalink JnrelMcLibrtee 1 points 1 hour ago Aside from the main voice w the camera, they all sound like chickens (not cowards, literal chickens) permalink FirstOfHisName 1 points 1 hour ago Darkness hates the camera permalink no_antifa 1 points 3 hours ago Acting the same in Europe as in American inner cities permalink Conspiracytheorist -1 points 5 hours ago My opinion on this guy filming; I turned sour on him when he tried to “expose” the guy running the channel soft white underbelly, Tyler Olievera attempts to discredit another channel on YouTube for exploiting a family that is inbred, claiming it’s for clicks etc when he didn’t have all the facts. So this Tyler guy I think is getting off to the drama in this clip we are watching because it’ll generate clicks for him. So fuck both of them. permalink bemac -1 points 6 hours ago This video is awful. No context, just quick edits of the rage bait permalink Louis_1313 5 points 6 hours ago Watch his actual videos, Tyler Oliveira. He does great work in his journalism. THIS specific video doesn't seem to be quite his, I dont see his watermark on it. But thats definitely him and he does amazing work. Check him out permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 3 points 6 hours ago Tell me, what context could be shown that excuses this sort of behavior? I'll wait. permalink bemac -1 points 5 hours ago There's likely not an excuse. And I've been to Europe recently, all the fucking Africans need to be deported. I'm just saying it's poorly edited. permalink Alcibiades1473 3 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink EyesSewnShut 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink HoodooOperator 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 885 Oui Oui Paris! posted 7 hours ago by twentytwentyfourr 115 comments The Daily Sneed™ @Tr00peRR • 1d Meanwhile in Paris.