491 🐎 Volkswagen Is Turning Engine Performance into a Subscription Upgrade 💳 STUPID S.O.B. posted 2 hours ago by MythArcana 156 comments 156 comments BenDoverAssho 92 points 2 hours ago You will own nothing and be happy. permalink Formerlurker92 63 points 1 hour ago I will never own any product that tries this, and that makes me pretty happy. permalink notsuicidalatall 21 points 59 minutes ago You are already "subscribed" friend. Tax=subscription. permalink snoopy3210 2 points 23 minutes ago Germanss permalink SaltyKrakenBalls 1 points 5 minutes ago Need another Dresdin if they can’t get their shit together. permalink chickeninoven 15 points 52 minutes ago That's what I said about software subs instead of perpetual licenses. And then they all fucking did it. permalink Formerlurker92 12 points 49 minutes ago Same. That's when I started pirating their shit. Still works fine, and it works better in most cases permalink FrankDuncan 5 points 33 minutes ago Don't forget to block it accessing home through your firewall permalink user2827 4 points 26 minutes ago I've done that with a few pieces of software, if there wasn't a crack then track down the year it changed to subscription and download the version from the year before. It's not too often that the newer versions change anything drastically, and often the changes aren't even really improvements. permalink view 1 more comments... CJ74U2NV 2 points 27 minutes ago I torrent pretty much everything from software to movies. permalink view 1 more comments... GoldwaterVoter 1 points 21 minutes ago Back in 2014 or 2015 I paid a one-time $150 for virus protection on up to 5 computers -- lifetime. Still going strong and very happy, and several computer changes since then. I recommended it to my brother-in-law many years ago, but he is still paying hefty annual fees for the most advertised one. permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner 6 points 1 hour ago Guess you'll be walking then. That may be illegal as well. Enjoy permalink The_Return_of_User_x 7 points 1 hour ago Oh you want to be able to run in those shoes eh? You gots a l̶i̶o̶s̶e̶n̶c̶e̶ subscription for running? permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner 5 points 1 hour ago Need updated sticker on shoes permalink view 1 more comments... CJ74U2NV 1 points 26 minutes ago No assault shoe subscriptions shall be issued. permalink trumpORbust 4 points 56 minutes ago You likely already do... Laser printers, cell phones, appliances -- many things are just one model with a performance bit set and a different skin. CPUs are another great example, they may not sell the upgrade, but all the capacity of the higher model is in the letter one as it makes manufacturing and design easier permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 3 points 44 minutes ago ︎ Depending on the chip they'll potentially degrade it due to performance issues. ︎ If it can't run at the higher clock speed but it runs at a slower one and they can still sell it they will. Why not? ︎ permalink Luminous_2a 1 points 19 minutes ago Ah, remember the old Celeron 333MHz processors that could hit 500MHz+ with overclocking? Good times. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 4 points 47 minutes ago ︎ It's a fucking EV. ︎ I'll never own one either. Those are so 2010s. ︎ permalink Formerlurker92 7 points 43 minutes ago Without the subsides they just don't make financial sense. For anybody permalink Oback_Barama 10 points 1 hour ago What WEF means is “You will own nothing and feel the way we tell you too.” permalink AI_Russian_Bot 6 points 1 hour ago "You will own nothing and feel the way we tell you to, and we will monitor all your private conversations to ensure that you obey Big Brother and don't engage in wrongthink." permalink faithin47 7 points 42 minutes ago Capitalism is peaking Remember when you could buy a video game and pop in the cd and it just played, forever permalink Klaus73 4 points 37 minutes ago Better yet..you could sell or lend that cd to a friend. Welcome to monetization folks. permalink NY2KCMO1776 1 points 31 minutes ago Pirate bay still exists. And youtube to mp3 converters. All free. I havent paid for music or old movies/shows in forever. Get an android, VPN and download to your hearts content permalink AmericanJawa 1 points 24 minutes ago Pirate bay still exists. And youtube to mp3 converters. All free. I havent paid for music or old movies/shows in forever. Get an android, VPN and download to your hearts content Why not just stick to the stuff you can legally own for free? permalink AmericanJawa 1 points 24 minutes ago Remember when you could buy a video game and pop in the cd and it just played, forever There's a reason I skip games that aren't either available in physical format or given away to play for free. permalink AmericanJawa 1 points 26 minutes ago You will own nothing and be happy. Given the number of people I've seen who seem to care only about convenience, I'm left to wonder if this is more in reach for the globalists than we'd like to admit. permalink blueeyephoto 44 points 2 hours ago video game "micro transactions" coming to real life soon permalink Choppermagic 16 points 1 hour ago but a $50 pack and maybe you'll get lucky and your brakes will work this month! permalink TrumpYouMagaFrenner -1 points 1 hour ago If I can pay for extra turbo boosts I'm in permalink dixontic 6 points 39 minutes ago This popped-up in a Phillip K Dick book (Ubik maybe?), where the characters needed to feed various appliances\objects around them change to work and the appliances where sentient enough to be begged or guilted into working for less the advertised amount. Thought that talking/begging/negotiating with appliances was from one of PDK's acid trips, but it looks more like solid prediction ever day. permalink TheEmperorProtects 3 points 33 minutes ago As more and more stuff that he wrote becomes true, I get worried about some of his more out there stories coming to life as well. Maybe his acid trips were actually him time traveling permalink dixontic 1 points 16 minutes ago I think he got a Scanner Darkly correct, just not shifted far enough into the future, as it looks like we're on the leading edge of that book. I'd love if there was a book about Barris, who I recall was constantly sabotaging things, before he met Arctor. permalink philasoma 2 points 51 minutes ago I'm waiting for a social credit system to be used to unlock these "privileges" personally. permalink KennyKetchem 1 points 12 minutes ago It already is here. See MLB The Show and their stupid fucking Stubs packages. I have never and will never buy that shit for my kid. permalink ZacPetkanas 31 points 1 hour ago VW has sucked for decades. People who buy them deserve what they get permalink Lurker404 5 points 51 minutes ago They're an outspoken leftist company. Good old "Everything woke turns to shit". permalink PedeInADeepBlueSea 30 points 2 hours ago Honestly, I'm kind of excited for this kind of thing to be happening. I've been wanting to jailbreak/customize my cars for years but there's no real community around it. This kind of attitude is what will cause the community to form. I know though, it's a bit selfish. permalink HocusLocus 15 points 1 hour ago Best of luck fighting a subscription service in the Internet connectivity and age of cryptography and keys embedded in chips. You'd have to fake all the telemetry and no telemetry is no compliance. You lost the war if you purchased the car and everyone can send a command to bluescreen and brick it but you. It's ironic that VW pulls this stunt first with its history of emission 'scandals'. Same as tractors, the ones that power down on schedule and don't let you change your own oil. I suggested to my kid that she specialize in jailbreaking them so people could use them after the zombie apocalypse. You'd have to literally program your own PLC to replace the factory one. permalink Retard_Strength 7 points 1 hour ago great, so next time a pajeet pushes a Crowdstrike software patch without testing and all the Windows machines go down, no one can start their car permalink 2scoops2peachmints 1 points 17 minutes ago By design permalink BadManOrange 4 points 1 hour ago If it can be programmed, it can be hacked. The bigger problem usually comes down to a big enough community to support the specific car into the long-term. permalink user2827 1 points 18 minutes ago This reminds me of a guy I once lived with whose side hustle was selling hacked satellite TV. The satellite company launched a new system to completely overhaul the security. So, he starts looking through the code, and collaborating with another guy, it took them about a month to realize that the security took each line of code to do a has check on what the code should be and pass success or failure to continue. So, they just got that one function to return success no matter what. permalink TheEmperorProtects 1 points 4 minutes ago I think you’re seriously overestimating how securely programmed car computers are and how hard it is to defeat telemetry or always on drm. I think the only reason there isn’t a bigger car hacking scene is that people don’t want to accidentally brick their daily drivers permalink Klown_Kutz 10 points 1 hour ago There are many tuners out there who can get into the programming of a PCM. I've been wanting to learn since the only programming I do is flashes and reflashes from factory software. And to be honest, I hate that since they go out of their way to make it inconvenient for the aftermarket to do it. permalink USDMaga 1 points 58 minutes ago Take off the timing cover, the timing chain, and pull the camshaft and put in a racing one. No PCM programming needed. (other steps involved) permalink IAmARealAmurican 3 points 42 minutes ago How are you remapping fuel tables to take advantage of the extra airflow at high rpm? Because if you just swap injectors or run higher pressure your idle will be garbage. Not to mention VVT systems and what type of cam profile it is providing in the sense of advance. permalink USDMaga 1 points 29 minutes ago I have a Ford 302 built in 1968. Bigger cam = more air and fuel. Not sure what else you think I should be doing. permalink view 1 more comments... ingrowntoenail 7 points 1 hour ago There is for some Dodge vehicles. At least for RAM trucks. You can buy a dongle and software to unlock various features available in the higher end trim models. permalink WhitePowerRanger 3 points 50 minutes ago There is some for every goddamn vehicle. A fucking Prius has a tuner you can buy permalink NY2KCMO1776 2 points 30 minutes ago Isnt that how the kia boys steal cars, with a dongle? permalink Thedeadliestmau5 1 points 56 minutes ago With the price of these cars, not worth voiding the warranty/potentially bricking your $60k car entirely permalink YT45 1 points 42 minutes ago If I understand you right, you’re saying the game modders will fix this? permalink Coprolite 21 points 1 hour ago I remember when VW was blasted for having engine sounds being played through the speakers so the driver had the elusion of a louder engine. permalink Moebius 16 points 1 hour ago I remember when VW got dinged for faking it's emissions with software... permalink glasscrawler 1 points 27 minutes ago And then blamed the engineers for doing what their bosses told them to do. permalink Moebius 1 points 16 minutes ago 'I vas only following orders...' permalink Coprolite 1 points 12 minutes ago I personally don't have a problem with having the ECM change the parameters when it's being tested. The law said that it must pass the emissions test. I don't care if it burns cleanly I just need to get it registered for use on public highways because. permalink StayoutOfit 2 points 1 hour ago Several companies are doing that now. Especially Toyota trucks have dropped engine sizes and still want them to sound like a truck / cool. permalink IntergalacticWalrus 2 points 58 minutes ago Wow. permalink Winter_Is_Coming2020 16 points 2 hours ago Is anybody even buying Volkswagen any more? They started using plastic for engine components and the reliability sucks now. permalink Ninjatude 1 points 14 minutes ago I have no problem with a plastic engine as long as I can 3D print a new one when it needs replacing permalink RolandDelacroix 1 points 27 minutes ago A ton of companies are using plastic for intakes and piping elbows, when these are known to become brittle and fail under typical engine heat cycles. permalink glasscrawler 1 points 27 minutes ago now? permalink MythArcana OP 11 points 2 hours ago Archive Link : https://archive.is/1UnpR Direct Link : https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2025/08/19/volkswagen-is-turning-engine-performance-into-a-subscription-upgrade/ Pepe Link : 🐸👌 permalink Moebius 9 points 1 hour ago It's a fucking EV... permalink Addos 5 points 1 hour ago This shit is coming to all cars, not just EVs permalink SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 54 minutes ago that means this upgrade will kill your batteries faster so anyone who pays for it gets what they deserve permalink IncredibleMrE1 2 points 60 minutes ago Every car is headed in this direction, due to all the mandated internet connectivity and telemetry collection and surveillance wiring in the new ones. The only way to avoid it is to have a car that's 10 years old and a basic model, and even then the feds could likely still remotely brick your engine if they wanted. They've been able to do that with basically anything made in the past 15 years. permalink AmericanJawa 1 points 22 minutes ago I continue to wonder how long it's going to be till it's just cheaper to build your own car. permalink Formerlurker92 8 points 1 hour ago And they have cemented their name onto the "never buy again" list permalink malooch 6 points 1 hour ago Vw has been gay for quite some time now permalink FrankDuncan 2 points 24 minutes ago At least they aren't jaguar gay permalink TGNX 6 points 1 hour ago The more of this shit I see, the more urgent it becomes to restore my Mustang. permalink nuggetpatrol 6 points 1 hour ago I think I'll hang on to my '88 oldsmobile, thanks. permalink kidfromtheplayground 6 points 1 hour ago And that is why I drive a 2007 F150 with a modified engine that was built to overcome the 3 valve 5.4 issues that plagued that particular engine . I wont ever again own a car or truck that does not do what I want it to do. You can take your paywall bullshit and blow it out your ass. My shit is paid for and beefed up everywhere it counts. I dont need a new vehicle to keep up with the neighbors, I need a daily workhorse commuter that I can piddle with in the garage when something needs addressed. permalink IntergalacticWalrus 2 points 56 minutes ago Well, what happens when someone T-bones you and now you need a new truck? permalink lostremote- 2 points 40 minutes ago Theres a thing called a junkyard. Piece another one together permalink FrankDuncan 1 points 23 minutes ago Pull-a-part says hi permalink diverscale 2 points 31 minutes ago Exactly. Also, what happens if there for any reason there is a shortage of a critical part. They have to stop pushing these EV mandates and EPA crap so we can still get decent new cars if we ever need one out of some badluck or shortage permalink NY2KCMO1776 1 points 29 minutes ago I like the cut of your jib sir permalink barwhack 5 points 1 hour ago F*CK this garble. permalink localhost 5 points 2 hours ago Sounds like something for the Clippy Brigade to put their focus on. Fuck this shit. permalink MythArcana OP 3 points 1 hour ago Too late, Louis was already on this subject three days ago. That guy doesn't miss a thing. 😂 permalink RealmanPwns 4 points 1 hour ago Just hack them. Just like you can get software codes online, these upgrades will be cracked. Nothing they can do since a car in it's entirety is your property. permalink AI_Russian_Bot 1 points 1 hour ago Unfortunately not. Cryptography and online connectivity makes that impossible unless there's a vulnerability, and then those vulnerabilities get patched and old versions get locked out of the cloud, etc. It is not possible these days. Just look at how modern games consoles haven't been cracked. And games have infinitely more hackers looking at them than a car. permalink FrankDuncan 1 points 25 minutes ago Eprom chip will most likely have unique identifiers that cross reference with a database.. no match with your car means incorrect upgrade code = bricked. permalink ProudAmerican84 4 points 54 minutes ago I will NEVER buy an EV!!! permalink redditadminssuckit 4 points 1 hour ago Only faggots buy VWs permalink aaafirefly123 4 points 48 minutes ago Ok, this needs to be made illegal. I love capitalism, but I am sick and tired of all these subscription based shit. I demand the right to own what I purchase. permalink Dereliction 3 points 1 hour ago This sort of faggotry needs to die a hard and ugly death. permalink PenisDickWiener 3 points 58 minutes ago Someone will jail break that shit. permalink can_con 3 points 44 minutes ago Time to jail break your car. permalink Aboveaveragebear 3 points 1 hour ago Hey VW!- fo! permalink Stossels_stach 3 points 57 minutes ago I bet it automatically speeds up in Jewish areas permalink FrankDuncan 1 points 22 minutes ago Smokes a strange mist out the exhaust.. through the zyklon b muffler. Hmmm . permalink Pelosi_Halitosis 3 points 56 minutes ago Soon enough, people will get around this. I can already see someone removing most of the garbage and installing a customizable interface. Just tear out all the proprietary bullshit and add your own. There's got to be a way to get a Holly Commander to run a VW. permalink SiBear117 3 points 1 hour ago Volkswagen desperate to become the new Jaguar. permalink Tardigrade 3 points 39 minutes ago This future blows. permalink GeneralTsoTofu 3 points 1 hour ago It's a bold strategy, Cotton. permalink ThePatriotGames2016 3 points 49 minutes ago You will own nothing permalink Herpawinski 3 points 45 minutes ago One more reason to not buy cars made after 2012. permalink Scot 3 points 1 hour ago The people who buy that garbage love that kind of thing. permalink 2scoops2peachmints 3 points 16 minutes ago lol eventually the finance companies will also be given the power to disable your vehicle if you miss a payment. Police will be able to disable your vehicle with dead tags or from spewing. Joggers will be able to download an app that grants them use and access to your vehicle as reparations. permalink DenturesNancy 2 points 2 minutes ago if it's a software, a hacked mod will find its way to the web. These companies think they can make easy money, instead they're opening a can of worms permalink aloha_snackbar22 2 points 2 minutes ago You can buy it "lifetime" of the vehicle for £649. This just a factory tune, dont see outrage. permalink RedFoxOnFire 2 points 1 minute ago Fucking Nazi's permalink SPEDMan64 2 points 1 hour ago VW died when they abandoned air-cooled vehicles. permalink DrunksAgainstMadMoms 1 points 8 minutes ago and porsche died when they went front engine permalink GreyKnight 2 points 56 minutes ago Just like internet service speed, but that’s because it relies on infrastructure. This makes no real sense and is a money grab like other live services that were never necessary as such. permalink s27zw7M1h62lURPyezOa PRO 2 points 56 minutes ago https://www.autoexpress.co.uk/volkswagen/367566/forget-netflix-volkswagen-locks-horsepower-behind-paid-subscription permalink rightoverthere 2 points 41 minutes ago Seatbelts: $199 / year Airbags: $99/year A/C: $69.99 / year Headlights: $4.99 / year permalink FrankDuncan 1 points 19 minutes ago Unless you are a minority . Then they're free permalink PoopFart187 2 points 13 minutes ago ** Laughs in Tesla ** permalink CaptRied 2 points 27 minutes ago [Chorus] Sub, Sub, everywhere a sub. Blockin' out the scenery If you don't have a sub. Do this? Can't do that You gotta have a suub. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 26 minutes ago Autists will have this for free permalink RolandDelacroix 2 points 26 minutes ago I'm sure this is part maximizing profit, but also probably getting around govt regulations. They can sell govt compliant vehicles then sell the upgrade that gets around them. Of course, I'm sure your warranty is effected. permalink spinometer2 2 points 54 minutes ago unbelievable though Elon does the same in principle with Tesla permalink CT2099 2 points 39 minutes ago It's a $880 one time fee. They just give you the option of paying by the month instead if you're not sure you'll be using it. Remember, these are EVs, so higher horsepower means bigger electric bills and shorter battery life. permalink rezimx 2 points 1 hour ago Not a bad idea. Just think of it in terms of other cars. Now they wouldnt have to make a v6 and a v8 version of a car (i know these are electric, but just for example), they could just make the v8, sell it to you cheap and if you want the full performance, then you can pay for the software upgrade. Not to mention if you have some technical skill you can just modify the code to give it to you for free (at the cost of your warranty of course). permalink DrunksAgainstMadMoms 1 points 4 minutes ago 'if you want the other 2 cylinders to be enabled you gotta pay bitch!, and if we dont get paid before midnight of the 1st of the month then tough shit' permalink FREN 2 points 52 minutes ago Tesla does this too. permalink NukeTheNarrative 2 points 38 minutes ago Yeah. This isn't gonna cause them to lose old customers and cause them to get no new customers. permalink ionian 2 points 9 minutes ago Can't wait for the Louis Rossman vid on this permalink TooBright 2 points 7 minutes ago Illegal street racing becomes pay to win. permalink RedSoxPiIled 2 points 21 minutes ago I'm sorry but why bother making components to a car that are idled? Why not just make a car that utilizes its components? I understand the marketing and sales angle, but from an efficiency standpoint in manufacturing it is incredibly wasteful. Moreover, does everyone forget that VAG cheated on the air quality tests? Why would the consumer trust this car company? permalink 2scoops2peachmints 2 points 18 minutes ago This should be 100% illegal permalink MatterThatMetals 2 points 17 minutes ago Fuck that. permalink TheFountainhead 2 points 3 minutes ago But what if we could have someone pay us forever tho permalink Rock9Head 2 points 1 hour ago Soon: “Pay us and we will not shut it down”. permalink DontTreadOnSnek 2 points 59 minutes ago Imagine that... a car company founded by the Nazi Party acting like a bunch of nazis. permalink Light_HIV_Effect 2 points 1 hour ago I would never consider owning a VW in the first place. permalink AVeryNakedMan 2 points 17 minutes ago We need a new movement for consumer rights laws that prevents companies from charging endless subscription bullshit. If I buy something, I should fully own it. permalink TheFreeSpeechRadical 2 points 44 minutes ago Don't buy. Bud light treatment. permalink Grumpalicious 1 points 1 hour ago Time to jailbreak that OS. permalink entERmyMAtrix 1 points 6 seconds ago Hack the Planet!! permalink Addos 1 points 1 hour ago Legacy automakers make such shite products, they have to look for ways to boost their revenue by crippling already shitty products. permalink madeaprofilejustforu 1 points 1 hour ago That shit is getting hacked lol permalink mergetrader 1 points 1 hour ago Seems like every car feature or driving tasks will require a subscription. Running out of turn signal credits? Top up. Low on automatic window opens? Subscribe here. permalink ActNow 1 points 59 minutes ago The auto companies' CFOs must be drooling. permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 1 hour ago That car will be hacked in to so quickly permalink General_Specific 1 points 1 hour ago A change to the software likely reports back to VW and you'll be sued. permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 1 hour ago Easily worked around. If there's any kind of reporting module, I imagine packet sniffers would be able to pull up the communication... and if it is secured, then the embedded system will be opened up and the message will be observed before it is encrypted. Hackers know how to get around this stuff. permalink General_Specific 1 points 56 minutes ago Lol. You use some jargon so you know. While I actually am capable of "hacking" software and you only sound like you know what you are talking about to people neophytes. permalink Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 52 minutes ago Ok, good for you, it's an important skill for some people. And I guess we have different opinions about this. Not sure why you felt the need to take a shot at me, but OK. I'm not only capable of hacking software, I have had to do it for my job, several times. Plus, I've worked on numerous embedded systems, on the firmware, on the software running the firmware. Most likely, I've had a part in the programming of the chips in your cell phone or computer. I work in this space. permalink view 1 more comments... General_Specific 1 points 1 hour ago We can thank mobile apps with their "in app purchases" for this model. Everything will be this way. permalink Silentbutdeadly 2 points 1 hour ago I’ll never buy a car that requires a subscription. permalink DJTLandSlide2020 2 points 1 hour ago Older GTIs and Golf R (amazing little cars) are about to go up in resale value… permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 1 hour ago That's cool. Id never buy a German Car anyhow. Just in principal. Sure my Grandpa was German, but nevertheless I do not like Germans or Germany. I find them ugly, in the same kind of way I find Russians nearly as Ugly. Don't get me wrong. I do not care about Ukraine either. In fact if Europe did not exist id be happy. permalink Tired-Trucker 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 491 🐎 Volkswagen Is Turning Engine Performance into a Subscription Upgrade 💳 STUPID S.O.B. posted 2 hours ago by MythArcana 156 comments ×