1008 State Governments LEAKING CASH LIKE A SIEVE. Michigan welfare fraud doubled from 2023-2024 Criminals loot $254-million food fund while state fails to upgrade card security. (www.michigancapitolconfidential.com) posted 6 hours ago by Bullet3250 42 comments Michigan welfare fraud doubled from 2023-2024 Criminals loot $254-million food fund while state fails to upgrade card security. www.michigancapitolconfidential.com 42 comments Calumet57 45 points 6 hours ago A coven of three evil witches rule Michigan - for now. All female. All dem. All hopelessly retarded and corrupt. Whitmer Nessel Benson permalink Liberty49220 32 points 6 hours ago They are definitely not retarded. They are smart and evil. Benson hides it better than the others but she is the worst. permalink Calumet57 10 points 6 hours ago I concede this point. permalink BrewSwillis 9 points 6 hours ago They are evil, and are all funded from out of state. permalink True_Curmudgeon 1 points 5 hours ago They are all drunk rug munchers though permalink True_Curmudgeon 1 points 5 hours ago This fella ain't lying! permalink chahn1138 1 points 5 hours ago NAILED IT permalink BrewSwillis 32 points 6 hours ago I feel like a chump, paying with my own money, at Sam's Club, when all of the "minorities", who seem to outnumber me, are all paying with EBT. permalink Bullet3250 OP 17 points 6 hours ago Just saw the vid where the woman was complaining because she can't buy fresh Croissants from the bakery with EBT cards any more ... must be rough. permalink HockeyMom4Trump 11 points 5 hours ago I feel the same way. Even when I was young and broke I just ate toast with peanut butter and a banana. I felt it was better to barely eat than to take money from others. permalink fjzappa 2 points 3 hours ago I felt it was better to barely eat than to take money from others. Dat's Rayciss! permalink monkadelic 1 points 2 hours ago You probably aren't 3 generations deep on EBT. Its all some of these people know. Their grandparents, parents, siblings, etc all use EBT for food. Its likely never occurred to them, its other people paying for their food. permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 20 points 6 hours ago It’s time for state, county, and city-level DOGE-style investigations. permalink HKgoneWild 10 points 5 hours ago Unless they're going to actually start hanging, or at minimum imprisoning, these corrupt bastards nothing will change. Local county fucks someone over? After the legal system battle, the person wronged might get a payout from the county at taxpayer expense. Until the government officials, elected or otherwise, face personal accountability for their actions nothing will change. permalink Bullet3250 OP 2 points 6 hours ago 💯 permalink aqua27 12 points 6 hours ago Eliminate all these programs they are full of criminal activity. Need food get a job. permalink LaVaughnRobinson 4 points 3 hours ago Wait till you find out that 40% of our GDP is Government expenditures. Yea that healthy! But hey nothing to see here pleb move along. We are turning into a socialist state. permalink SuperHonkey 9 points 6 hours ago GIBSMEDATS permalink WowStrongWinning 9 points 4 hours ago Too many third world Muslims living there. permalink Tradox 2 points 2 hours ago Dearborn muslim march this week... https://t.me/tiktoknews45/39017 permalink 1LoathsomeDove 7 points 4 hours ago "Michigan health department employees were accused of stealing food benefits, according to a new lawsuit brought by a former state employee who says she was fired for reporting theft." permalink newuser8 4 points 2 hours ago All black shaneqhas permalink Whoopies_tds 5 points 5 hours ago Weird, right after USAID fraud was exposed and shut down. permalink 10MeV 4 points 3 hours ago This is a feature, not a bug. permalink chahn1138 3 points 5 hours ago Once again folks, for the cheap seats: There are Two Things that we get to choose one of, and only one. Those Two Things are Open Borders and a Generous Welfare Society. YOU CANNOT HAVE BOTH The Left made the Decision. Either the Welfare State ENDs to we go Cloward-Piven. permalink Bullet3250 OP 4 points 5 hours ago Both.... Welfare stops AND Immigration stops. We are not here to be INVADED. permalink chahn1138 3 points 4 hours ago I am with this guy! permalink RedCalifornia 2 points 14 minutes ago The last act of any government is to loot the treasury permalink ragnarokrobo 2 points 6 hours ago STATE GOVERNMENTS! article about only one state permalink Bullet3250 OP 4 points 6 hours ago Interested? .. Connecticut and New Jersey established joint state-federal task forces to combat various forms of pandemic-related fraud, including price gouging, phishing scams, and imposter fraud. Reports indicate that Maryland and New York were among the hardest-hit states for coronavirus fraud, with widespread identity theft and scams targeting the elderly. permalink HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 5 hours ago Minneapolis has so much fraud. Especially in the Somali community. When Walz got elected we had a huge surplus. Poof. It’s gone! permalink ragnarokrobo 2 points 5 hours ago I've got no doubt other states are pissing money away, this entire article is about Michigan though. permalink Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 3 hours ago Gallows Meme: Minnesota "First Time Huh?" permalink Oodles 2 points 5 hours ago For corrupt politicians this is a feature, not a bug The more they spend, the more they can demand next year Stop funding this grift with federal tax dollars and the states will stop this shit pronto permalink Bullet3250 OP 3 points 5 hours ago States need DOGE.... BIG TIME. permalink Diddlywac3 2 points 37 minutes ago Its so cool to barely make ends meat while lazy people leech of hard working Americans permalink SERP-SERP 2 points 3 hours ago How else are Democrats going to fund ACBLUE now that USAID is gone? permalink MeMargie 1 points 5 hours ago They haven't upgraded the city streets in decades either 😔 permalink Tardigrade 1 points 5 hours ago That's our secret for keeping people away. permalink deplorablepepe4 1 points 46 minutes ago Cancel all programs. You get a food stamp booklet that is redeamable for condensed or powdered milk and plastic cheese. permalink cyberwar 0 points 6 hours ago rednecks should move there and loot too permalink 1008 State Governments LEAKING CASH LIKE A SIEVE. Michigan welfare fraud doubled from 2023-2024 Criminals loot $254-million food fund while state fails to upgrade card security. (www.michigancapitolconfidential.com) posted 6 hours ago by Bullet3250 42 comments Michigan welfare fraud doubled from 2023-2024 Criminals loot $254-million food fund while state fails to upgrade card security. www.michigancapitolconfidential.com ×