See all topics Email Link Copied! For people who cannot or choose not to breastfeed , infant formula is lifesaving, supplying their babies with precious nutrients they need to grow and thrive. Concerned about contaminants and the use of controversial seed oils in the nation’s tightly regulated infant formula supply, US Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has launched a review of infant formula regulations he calls Operation Stork Speed . Yet while industry and experts debate those regulations, there is another type of “formula” — for toddlers ages 1 to 3 years old — that no one is overseeing. “ Toddler milks ” are marketed to parents who have been using infant formula as a necessary next step in their child’s nutritional journey, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics . Critics say these expensive concoctions — first introduced into the United States in the 1990s — are not nutritionally necessary, may be contributing to childhood obesity, and should not be sold at all. “Cow’s milk is nutritionally adequate for nearly all children over 12 months and is up to 30 times less expensive than these toddler drinks,” said Dr. George Fuchs, a professor of pediatric gastroenterology at the University of Kentucky’s College of Medicine in Lexington. “Yet mothers are buying these inferior products due to deceptive marketing, all the while believing they are doing what’s best for their child,” said Fuchs, who coauthored a 2023 American Academy of Pediatrics clinical report that called for changes in how toddler formulas are promoted for sale. In fact, some toddler beverages may be potentially harmful to young children due to excess added sugars, defined as sweeteners that don’t naturally occur in food, Fuchs said. The recommended amount of added sugar for infants and children younger than age 2 is zero, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Yet research from 2019 found that on average, infants consume 1 teaspoon of added sugar a day while toddlers consume about 6 teaspoons a day. “Infants and children exposed to high sugar, fat or salt in their diets develop a preference for these as they grow older,” Fuchs said. “ Studies show this is a risk for childhood obesity and all of its consequences through adulthood.” Despite these concerns, toddler formulas are not regulated by the Infant Formula Act , nor by the infant formula regulations of the US Food and Drug Administration , said AAP report coauthor Dr. Steven Abrams, a professor of pediatrics at the Dell Medical School at the University of Texas at Austin. “When making an infant formula, manufacturers have to meet fixed levels of nutrients and protein levels that have been mandated by law,” said Abrams, who is also a member of the “Operation Stork Speed” expert panel on infant formula, which met in early June. “If you’re making a formula for children over 12 months of age, there are no such restrictions,” he told CNN. “Manufacturers can put in or take out any nutrients they want and do almost anything to market and sell it.” The Infant Nutrition Council of America, or INCA, which represents the formula industry, told CNN via email that toddler nutritional drinks “contribute to nutritional intake and potentially fill nutritional gaps for children 12 to 36 months.” “Research demonstrates that nutrient intakes for young children often fall below adequate levels for iron, vitamin D, E, calcium, choline, potassium, and fiber,” an INCA spokesperson said. In addition, “the labeling of toddler nutritional drinks produced by INCA members explicitly identifies the product as a toddler drink intended for children 12 months and older on the front of the package label.” ‘Eye-catching’ labels Many toddler drinks have eye-catching labels that may look similar to infant formula versions, experts say. When your baby relies on formula to grow and thrive, the infant nutrition aisle at your grocery store quickly becomes familiar territory. So, it wasn’t long before Damary Santana noticed the brightly colored cans labeled as “toddler drink” nestled next to the infant formulas she was buying for her infant son. “They stood out because of the colors they use, like red, which catches your eye,” Santana told CNN. “The labels on the cans were also very eye-catching because they said the formula would support my baby’s brain development and immune system.” Saying she wanted the best for her son as he neared his first birthday, Santana decided to pay $35 to $45 a can for toddler milk so she could give him the nutrition he needed. “I also started giving it to my daughter when she turned one,” said Santana, who lives in Charleston, Massachusetts. “It was during the Covid pandemic and there was a lot of shortages, so I was buying two to three cans at a time for both my kiddos — it was very expensive.” Today, Santana is a plaintiff in a proposed class action lawsuit against Abbott Nutrition, maker of the two Similac toddler formulas she fed her children: Go & Grow toddler drink and Pure Bliss toddler drink. Santana said she joined the lawsuit after she learned from her pediatrician that toddler milk is completely unnecessary for her children’s development. “Everything that’s on that label is pretty much just advertising to get parents like me to buy the formula,” Santana said. “I could have used that money for other necessities, like clothes and diapers.” A legal nonprofit takes action Toddler milks often sell for $25 to $35 per can at major retailers, which is cheaper than infant formulas, critics say. The lawsuit was filed by attorney Andrew Rainer, director of the Center for Public Health Litigation , a nonprofit public interest law practice at the Northeastern University School of Law in Boston. The law center, which is part of the Public Health Advocacy Institute, or PHAI, initiates legal action against tobacco, food and soda companies that sell products it claims contribute to preventable chronic diseases. The president of PHAI, Richard Daynard, is famous for his role in the fight to expose the marketing practices of the tobacco industry. “Toddler milks are expensive, nutritionally unnecessary and may be harmful to children due to added sugars,” Rainer told CNN. “The products are labeled ‘Stage 3,’ implying they are the next nutritionally recommended product for purchase after infant formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 1’ and transitional formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 2.’ “We are suing to get Abbott to change their advertising and pay compensation to all the parents who purchased these products as a result of Abbott’s misleading, unlawful and unfair marketing practices,” Rainer added. In response, Abbott Nutrition, a leader in the infant and toddler formula market, told CNN the case was “without merit.” “Our toddler nutrition products are properly labeled, and our claims are well-supported. Of note, several courts have rejected similar claims about Abbott products, including a California jury earlier this year,” a spokesperson said via email. The lawsuits Abbott supplied to CNN, however, were not about toddler formulas. The California lawsuit alleged Abbott places excess sugar in PediaSure, a nutritional supplement designed to feed malnourished children — a jury rejected those claims. Another two cases focused on added sugars in Ensure, a product often used to treat malnutrition after chemotherapy, surgery and in the elderly. One was dismissed; in the other, a judge denied the plaintiff’s motion to bring the case as a class action. While the “Stage 1” and “Stage 3” signage that appeared on the original Pure Bliss infant and toddler products has been removed, the label on both the Irish Farms infant and toddler products are nearly identical. Like the original Pure Bliss toddler drink, the Irish Farms toddler product still contains 4 grams of added sugar per serving. Since the Santana lawsuit was filed, Abbott has launched an extension of the Pure Bliss by Similac product line: Irish Farms Infant Formula and Irish Farms Toddler Drink With Probiotics, both made with “Fresh Milk From Cows in Ireland.” “No changes were made to the formulation. These products offer the same great nutrition, just with a new name and label,” the company says on the FAQ section of its website. The Pure Bliss by Similac Irish Farms toddler and infant formula labels are nearly identical, which critics say increases the odds caregivers could choose the wrong formula for their infants. Abbott faces additional proposed class action lawsuits. A California mother filed suit against Abbott in September 2024 for its marketing of Go & Grow 360 Total Care Toddler Drink by Similac . In mid-August, a judge denied in part Abbott’s petition to dismiss the case, allowing several claims to move forward. Two fathers in California filed suit in December 2024 alleging Abbott injects “up to 12 grams of added sugar per serving, equivalent to almost half a can of soda” into Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care toddler drink powder and Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care Sensitive toddler drink poweder. The lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice, which allows the claims to be resubmitted to the court in future. When asked, Abbott provided no further comment concerning these lawsuits. “Sensitive” formulas are marketed to parents who worry their children suffer from lactose intolerance, which is rare in children younger than age 6. “If there’s a take-home message for the world, it’s that you don’t need to put your baby on low lactose formulas with names like ‘gentle ‘or ‘sensitive’ because of routine baby symptoms like spitting or a bit of colic,” Abrams told CNN. “It doesn’t work for those things, plus more than 95% of all babies are not lactose sensitive — lactose is the natural sugar in breast milk. Yet a third to half of the marketplace is made up of these sensitive or gentle formulas,” Abrams said. “The marketing also plays in the guilt of moms who aren’t able to breastfeed, because who doesn’t want sensitive formula for your sweet little baby, right?” Many toddler milks contain added sugars. Children younger than 2 years of age should have zero added sugars, experts say. Multiple companies face lawsuits Other key players in the infant and toddler formula market have also faced proposed class action lawsuits. Mead Johnson Nutrition, which makes Enfagrow Premium Toddler Nutritional Drink and Enfagrow NeuroPro Toddler Nutritional Drink products, has been accused of using “deceptive and unlawful practices in labeling and marketing,” according to a lawsuit filed by three California parents in July 2024. A motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part by a federal court in California in July; the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in early August. In response, Mead Johnson Nutrition told CNN via email that its products use “evidence-based nutrition” to support the development needs of young children. “While we cannot comment on pending litigation, we stand behind our products and their labeling to ensure appropriate use by parents. In this case, we are pleased all fraud-based claims were dismissed and we remain confident our products are accurately labeled and responsibly marketed,” a spokesperson said. Gerber Products Company was sued in 2020 over its marketing of Gerber Good Start Grow Stage 3, which was sold as “necessary” for the “nutritional needs of children ages 12 to 24 months,” according to the lawsuit. “Contrary to the recommended nutritional needs of children in this age range, the Product contains 15 grams of added sugar,” the lawsuit stated. Gerber’s motion to dismiss was denied in part and granted in part, but the lawsuit was dropped in early 2022 when the plaintiff moved out of state, said Spencer Sheehan, the New York attorney who filed the case. “The judge’s denial of Gerber’s dismissal motion was positive and recognized and credited the legal theories we raised,” Sheehan told CNN. “I don’t think there’s any marketing that can save or make this category of products useful — personally, I don’t think these products should even be sold.” CNN reached out to Gerber and was told the company sold its infant formula portfolio in late 2022 to Perrigo, the third largest manufacturer of infant formula in the US and Canada, according to its website. Good Start is now marketed as Good Start Dr. Brown’s, with three infant formulations: one for gas, fussiness and spit-up; a second for ﻿easy digestion and softer poops; and a third that is milk- and lactose-free. However, there is no product for toddlers. CNN reached out to Perrigo but did not receive a reply. The American Academy of Pediatrics flagged concerns over a link between toddler milks and childhood obesity in 2023. The birth of toddler milks The American Academy of Pediatrics has long said “breast is best” and strongly encourages breastfeeding babies for as long as possible. Oddly, it was the success of this mission that led to the birth of the toddler milk industry in the US, said Jennifer Harris, a senior research adviser of marketing initiatives at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Health at the University of Connecticut’s Hartford campus. “Toddler drinks are just a marketing tactic formula companies use to offset the decline in infant formula sales due to the increase in breastfeeding,” said Harris, who studies how food is marketed to children. “There’s no health benefit in these toddler drinks, it’s all just a marketing ploy — a very lucrative one at that,” she said, echoing a key allegation in the Public Health Advocacy Institute lawsuit. “There’s absolutely no reason for this product category to exist, none at all,” she said. Harris is the senior author of a February 2020 study , which tracked sales and advertising dollars for the infant and toddler formula industry between 2006 and 2015. Sales volume, which is the total amount of infant formula sold, dropped 7% and advertising dollars declined over the 10-year-period. During the same time frame, advertising for toddler milks rose fourfold, with a 158% increase in annual sales volume. Today the “growing up” milk market, as it is called, is exploding, said Rainer, citing available market data. “Since 2018 the nationwide sales of toddler milks — a product no one needs — has averaged well over $500 million per year,” he said. Critics say labels on toddler milks are often similar in color and styling to labels on a brand’s infant formulas, which makes it easy for parents to confuse the two, Harris said. “It’s easy for parents to grab the toddler version instead of the infant formula,” she said. “Or they think, ‘Oh, this one is less expensive, I’ll just get this instead.’” Like Damary Santana, parents in focus groups told researchers they were swayed by labels that say toddler milks provide numerous immune - boosting and brain-nourishing additives. “I feel like the marketing does a really good job of playing to a mother’s fears,” a Hartford, Connecticut, mother told Harris and her team in 2022. “Because who wants to feel like, I didn’t give my child the thing to support their immune system? Or they’re not going to have brain or eye development if I don’t give them this.” Because toddler milks are not regulated by the FDA or Infant Formula Act , formula makers can “market anything they want,” Abrams said. “The World Health Organization’s marketing code for breast-milk substitutes, which is accepted throughout most of the world, specifically does not allow the marketing of toddler formulas in this way,” he said. “The United States, however, does not legally accept the restrictions in the code.” The Public Health Advocacy Institute and more than two dozen other organizations and individuals petitioned the FDA in July 2020 to set limits on the advertising of toddler milks while improving transparency on ingredient labels. Was there any response? “Crickets,” said Harris, who signed the citizen petition. “We followed up a few years later, and the FDA basically said ‘Hey, we have a lot on our plate, and this isn’t a top priority.’” A possible new priority? Updating infant formula guidelines was the focus of the June meeting of the expert advisory council for Operation Stork Speed, but toddler milks were also discussed. Panel members acknowledged the issue of parents unknowingly giving toddler milks instead of formula to their infants because they couldn’t tell the products apart, according to a posted summary . “The labels of these products should clearly state that they are not appropriate for infants,” the committee agreed. The committee also discussed the AAP’s recommendation that toddler products should no longer be positioned on store shelves next to infant formulas. Finally, the committee recommended that the FDA become involved in regulating toddler milk marketing, perhaps by “ incorporating some aspects of the WHO Code of Marketing of Infant Formulas.” Will the FDA implement actions on toddler milks as recommended by experts? Andrew Nixon, director of communications for the US Department of Health and Human Services — which oversees the FDA — told CNN via email: “We do not speculate on potential, future policy decisions.” Get inspired by a weekly roundup on living well, made simple. Sign up for CNN’s Life, But Better newsletter for information and tools designed to improve your well-being. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! For people who cannot or choose not to breastfeed , infant formula is lifesaving, supplying their babies with precious nutrients they need to grow and thrive. Concerned about contaminants and the use of controversial seed oils in the nation’s tightly regulated infant formula supply, US Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has launched a review of infant formula regulations he calls Operation Stork Speed . Yet while industry and experts debate those regulations, there is another type of “formula” — for toddlers ages 1 to 3 years old — that no one is overseeing. “ Toddler milks ” are marketed to parents who have been using infant formula as a necessary next step in their child’s nutritional journey, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics . Critics say these expensive concoctions — first introduced into the United States in the 1990s — are not nutritionally necessary, may be contributing to childhood obesity, and should not be sold at all. “Cow’s milk is nutritionally adequate for nearly all children over 12 months and is up to 30 times less expensive than these toddler drinks,” said Dr. George Fuchs, a professor of pediatric gastroenterology at the University of Kentucky’s College of Medicine in Lexington. “Yet mothers are buying these inferior products due to deceptive marketing, all the while believing they are doing what’s best for their child,” said Fuchs, who coauthored a 2023 American Academy of Pediatrics clinical report that called for changes in how toddler formulas are promoted for sale. In fact, some toddler beverages may be potentially harmful to young children due to excess added sugars, defined as sweeteners that don’t naturally occur in food, Fuchs said. The recommended amount of added sugar for infants and children younger than age 2 is zero, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Yet research from 2019 found that on average, infants consume 1 teaspoon of added sugar a day while toddlers consume about 6 teaspoons a day. “Infants and children exposed to high sugar, fat or salt in their diets develop a preference for these as they grow older,” Fuchs said. “ Studies show this is a risk for childhood obesity and all of its consequences through adulthood.” Despite these concerns, toddler formulas are not regulated by the Infant Formula Act , nor by the infant formula regulations of the US Food and Drug Administration , said AAP report coauthor Dr. Steven Abrams, a professor of pediatrics at the Dell Medical School at the University of Texas at Austin. “When making an infant formula, manufacturers have to meet fixed levels of nutrients and protein levels that have been mandated by law,” said Abrams, who is also a member of the “Operation Stork Speed” expert panel on infant formula, which met in early June. “If you’re making a formula for children over 12 months of age, there are no such restrictions,” he told CNN. “Manufacturers can put in or take out any nutrients they want and do almost anything to market and sell it.” The Infant Nutrition Council of America, or INCA, which represents the formula industry, told CNN via email that toddler nutritional drinks “contribute to nutritional intake and potentially fill nutritional gaps for children 12 to 36 months.” “Research demonstrates that nutrient intakes for young children often fall below adequate levels for iron, vitamin D, E, calcium, choline, potassium, and fiber,” an INCA spokesperson said. In addition, “the labeling of toddler nutritional drinks produced by INCA members explicitly identifies the product as a toddler drink intended for children 12 months and older on the front of the package label.” ‘Eye-catching’ labels Many toddler drinks have eye-catching labels that may look similar to infant formula versions, experts say. When your baby relies on formula to grow and thrive, the infant nutrition aisle at your grocery store quickly becomes familiar territory. So, it wasn’t long before Damary Santana noticed the brightly colored cans labeled as “toddler drink” nestled next to the infant formulas she was buying for her infant son. “They stood out because of the colors they use, like red, which catches your eye,” Santana told CNN. “The labels on the cans were also very eye-catching because they said the formula would support my baby’s brain development and immune system.” Saying she wanted the best for her son as he neared his first birthday, Santana decided to pay $35 to $45 a can for toddler milk so she could give him the nutrition he needed. “I also started giving it to my daughter when she turned one,” said Santana, who lives in Charleston, Massachusetts. “It was during the Covid pandemic and there was a lot of shortages, so I was buying two to three cans at a time for both my kiddos — it was very expensive.” Today, Santana is a plaintiff in a proposed class action lawsuit against Abbott Nutrition, maker of the two Similac toddler formulas she fed her children: Go & Grow toddler drink and Pure Bliss toddler drink. Santana said she joined the lawsuit after she learned from her pediatrician that toddler milk is completely unnecessary for her children’s development. “Everything that’s on that label is pretty much just advertising to get parents like me to buy the formula,” Santana said. “I could have used that money for other necessities, like clothes and diapers.” A legal nonprofit takes action Toddler milks often sell for $25 to $35 per can at major retailers, which is cheaper than infant formulas, critics say. The lawsuit was filed by attorney Andrew Rainer, director of the Center for Public Health Litigation , a nonprofit public interest law practice at the Northeastern University School of Law in Boston. The law center, which is part of the Public Health Advocacy Institute, or PHAI, initiates legal action against tobacco, food and soda companies that sell products it claims contribute to preventable chronic diseases. The president of PHAI, Richard Daynard, is famous for his role in the fight to expose the marketing practices of the tobacco industry. “Toddler milks are expensive, nutritionally unnecessary and may be harmful to children due to added sugars,” Rainer told CNN. “The products are labeled ‘Stage 3,’ implying they are the next nutritionally recommended product for purchase after infant formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 1’ and transitional formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 2.’ “We are suing to get Abbott to change their advertising and pay compensation to all the parents who purchased these products as a result of Abbott’s misleading, unlawful and unfair marketing practices,” Rainer added. In response, Abbott Nutrition, a leader in the infant and toddler formula market, told CNN the case was “without merit.” “Our toddler nutrition products are properly labeled, and our claims are well-supported. Of note, several courts have rejected similar claims about Abbott products, including a California jury earlier this year,” a spokesperson said via email. The lawsuits Abbott supplied to CNN, however, were not about toddler formulas. The California lawsuit alleged Abbott places excess sugar in PediaSure, a nutritional supplement designed to feed malnourished children — a jury rejected those claims. Another two cases focused on added sugars in Ensure, a product often used to treat malnutrition after chemotherapy, surgery and in the elderly. One was dismissed; in the other, a judge denied the plaintiff’s motion to bring the case as a class action. While the “Stage 1” and “Stage 3” signage that appeared on the original Pure Bliss infant and toddler products has been removed, the label on both the Irish Farms infant and toddler products are nearly identical. Like the original Pure Bliss toddler drink, the Irish Farms toddler product still contains 4 grams of added sugar per serving. Since the Santana lawsuit was filed, Abbott has launched an extension of the Pure Bliss by Similac product line: Irish Farms Infant Formula and Irish Farms Toddler Drink With Probiotics, both made with “Fresh Milk From Cows in Ireland.” “No changes were made to the formulation. These products offer the same great nutrition, just with a new name and label,” the company says on the FAQ section of its website. The Pure Bliss by Similac Irish Farms toddler and infant formula labels are nearly identical, which critics say increases the odds caregivers could choose the wrong formula for their infants. Abbott faces additional proposed class action lawsuits. A California mother filed suit against Abbott in September 2024 for its marketing of Go & Grow 360 Total Care Toddler Drink by Similac . In mid-August, a judge denied in part Abbott’s petition to dismiss the case, allowing several claims to move forward. Two fathers in California filed suit in December 2024 alleging Abbott injects “up to 12 grams of added sugar per serving, equivalent to almost half a can of soda” into Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care toddler drink powder and Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care Sensitive toddler drink poweder. The lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice, which allows the claims to be resubmitted to the court in future. When asked, Abbott provided no further comment concerning these lawsuits. “Sensitive” formulas are marketed to parents who worry their children suffer from lactose intolerance, which is rare in children younger than age 6. “If there’s a take-home message for the world, it’s that you don’t need to put your baby on low lactose formulas with names like ‘gentle ‘or ‘sensitive’ because of routine baby symptoms like spitting or a bit of colic,” Abrams told CNN. “It doesn’t work for those things, plus more than 95% of all babies are not lactose sensitive — lactose is the natural sugar in breast milk. Yet a third to half of the marketplace is made up of these sensitive or gentle formulas,” Abrams said. “The marketing also plays in the guilt of moms who aren’t able to breastfeed, because who doesn’t want sensitive formula for your sweet little baby, right?” Many toddler milks contain added sugars. Children younger than 2 years of age should have zero added sugars, experts say. Multiple companies face lawsuits Other key players in the infant and toddler formula market have also faced proposed class action lawsuits. Mead Johnson Nutrition, which makes Enfagrow Premium Toddler Nutritional Drink and Enfagrow NeuroPro Toddler Nutritional Drink products, has been accused of using “deceptive and unlawful practices in labeling and marketing,” according to a lawsuit filed by three California parents in July 2024. A motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part by a federal court in California in July; the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in early August. In response, Mead Johnson Nutrition told CNN via email that its products use “evidence-based nutrition” to support the development needs of young children. “While we cannot comment on pending litigation, we stand behind our products and their labeling to ensure appropriate use by parents. In this case, we are pleased all fraud-based claims were dismissed and we remain confident our products are accurately labeled and responsibly marketed,” a spokesperson said. Gerber Products Company was sued in 2020 over its marketing of Gerber Good Start Grow Stage 3, which was sold as “necessary” for the “nutritional needs of children ages 12 to 24 months,” according to the lawsuit. “Contrary to the recommended nutritional needs of children in this age range, the Product contains 15 grams of added sugar,” the lawsuit stated. Gerber’s motion to dismiss was denied in part and granted in part, but the lawsuit was dropped in early 2022 when the plaintiff moved out of state, said Spencer Sheehan, the New York attorney who filed the case. “The judge’s denial of Gerber’s dismissal motion was positive and recognized and credited the legal theories we raised,” Sheehan told CNN. “I don’t think there’s any marketing that can save or make this category of products useful — personally, I don’t think these products should even be sold.” CNN reached out to Gerber and was told the company sold its infant formula portfolio in late 2022 to Perrigo, the third largest manufacturer of infant formula in the US and Canada, according to its website. Good Start is now marketed as Good Start Dr. Brown’s, with three infant formulations: one for gas, fussiness and spit-up; a second for ﻿easy digestion and softer poops; and a third that is milk- and lactose-free. However, there is no product for toddlers. CNN reached out to Perrigo but did not receive a reply. The American Academy of Pediatrics flagged concerns over a link between toddler milks and childhood obesity in 2023. The birth of toddler milks The American Academy of Pediatrics has long said “breast is best” and strongly encourages breastfeeding babies for as long as possible. Oddly, it was the success of this mission that led to the birth of the toddler milk industry in the US, said Jennifer Harris, a senior research adviser of marketing initiatives at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Health at the University of Connecticut’s Hartford campus. “Toddler drinks are just a marketing tactic formula companies use to offset the decline in infant formula sales due to the increase in breastfeeding,” said Harris, who studies how food is marketed to children. “There’s no health benefit in these toddler drinks, it’s all just a marketing ploy — a very lucrative one at that,” she said, echoing a key allegation in the Public Health Advocacy Institute lawsuit. “There’s absolutely no reason for this product category to exist, none at all,” she said. Harris is the senior author of a February 2020 study , which tracked sales and advertising dollars for the infant and toddler formula industry between 2006 and 2015. Sales volume, which is the total amount of infant formula sold, dropped 7% and advertising dollars declined over the 10-year-period. During the same time frame, advertising for toddler milks rose fourfold, with a 158% increase in annual sales volume. Today the “growing up” milk market, as it is called, is exploding, said Rainer, citing available market data. “Since 2018 the nationwide sales of toddler milks — a product no one needs — has averaged well over $500 million per year,” he said. Critics say labels on toddler milks are often similar in color and styling to labels on a brand’s infant formulas, which makes it easy for parents to confuse the two, Harris said. “It’s easy for parents to grab the toddler version instead of the infant formula,” she said. “Or they think, ‘Oh, this one is less expensive, I’ll just get this instead.’” Like Damary Santana, parents in focus groups told researchers they were swayed by labels that say toddler milks provide numerous immune - boosting and brain-nourishing additives. “I feel like the marketing does a really good job of playing to a mother’s fears,” a Hartford, Connecticut, mother told Harris and her team in 2022. “Because who wants to feel like, I didn’t give my child the thing to support their immune system? Or they’re not going to have brain or eye development if I don’t give them this.” Because toddler milks are not regulated by the FDA or Infant Formula Act , formula makers can “market anything they want,” Abrams said. “The World Health Organization’s marketing code for breast-milk substitutes, which is accepted throughout most of the world, specifically does not allow the marketing of toddler formulas in this way,” he said. “The United States, however, does not legally accept the restrictions in the code.” The Public Health Advocacy Institute and more than two dozen other organizations and individuals petitioned the FDA in July 2020 to set limits on the advertising of toddler milks while improving transparency on ingredient labels. Was there any response? “Crickets,” said Harris, who signed the citizen petition. “We followed up a few years later, and the FDA basically said ‘Hey, we have a lot on our plate, and this isn’t a top priority.’” A possible new priority? Updating infant formula guidelines was the focus of the June meeting of the expert advisory council for Operation Stork Speed, but toddler milks were also discussed. Panel members acknowledged the issue of parents unknowingly giving toddler milks instead of formula to their infants because they couldn’t tell the products apart, according to a posted summary . “The labels of these products should clearly state that they are not appropriate for infants,” the committee agreed. The committee also discussed the AAP’s recommendation that toddler products should no longer be positioned on store shelves next to infant formulas. Finally, the committee recommended that the FDA become involved in regulating toddler milk marketing, perhaps by “ incorporating some aspects of the WHO Code of Marketing of Infant Formulas.” Will the FDA implement actions on toddler milks as recommended by experts? Andrew Nixon, director of communications for the US Department of Health and Human Services — which oversees the FDA — told CNN via email: “We do not speculate on potential, future policy decisions.” Get inspired by a weekly roundup on living well, made simple. Sign up for CNN’s Life, But Better newsletter for information and tools designed to improve your well-being. See all topics Email Link Copied! See all topics Email Link Copied! For people who cannot or choose not to breastfeed , infant formula is lifesaving, supplying their babies with precious nutrients they need to grow and thrive. Concerned about contaminants and the use of controversial seed oils in the nation’s tightly regulated infant formula supply, US Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has launched a review of infant formula regulations he calls Operation Stork Speed . Yet while industry and experts debate those regulations, there is another type of “formula” — for toddlers ages 1 to 3 years old — that no one is overseeing. “ Toddler milks ” are marketed to parents who have been using infant formula as a necessary next step in their child’s nutritional journey, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics . Critics say these expensive concoctions — first introduced into the United States in the 1990s — are not nutritionally necessary, may be contributing to childhood obesity, and should not be sold at all. “Cow’s milk is nutritionally adequate for nearly all children over 12 months and is up to 30 times less expensive than these toddler drinks,” said Dr. George Fuchs, a professor of pediatric gastroenterology at the University of Kentucky’s College of Medicine in Lexington. “Yet mothers are buying these inferior products due to deceptive marketing, all the while believing they are doing what’s best for their child,” said Fuchs, who coauthored a 2023 American Academy of Pediatrics clinical report that called for changes in how toddler formulas are promoted for sale. In fact, some toddler beverages may be potentially harmful to young children due to excess added sugars, defined as sweeteners that don’t naturally occur in food, Fuchs said. The recommended amount of added sugar for infants and children younger than age 2 is zero, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Yet research from 2019 found that on average, infants consume 1 teaspoon of added sugar a day while toddlers consume about 6 teaspoons a day. “Infants and children exposed to high sugar, fat or salt in their diets develop a preference for these as they grow older,” Fuchs said. “ Studies show this is a risk for childhood obesity and all of its consequences through adulthood.” Despite these concerns, toddler formulas are not regulated by the Infant Formula Act , nor by the infant formula regulations of the US Food and Drug Administration , said AAP report coauthor Dr. Steven Abrams, a professor of pediatrics at the Dell Medical School at the University of Texas at Austin. “When making an infant formula, manufacturers have to meet fixed levels of nutrients and protein levels that have been mandated by law,” said Abrams, who is also a member of the “Operation Stork Speed” expert panel on infant formula, which met in early June. “If you’re making a formula for children over 12 months of age, there are no such restrictions,” he told CNN. “Manufacturers can put in or take out any nutrients they want and do almost anything to market and sell it.” The Infant Nutrition Council of America, or INCA, which represents the formula industry, told CNN via email that toddler nutritional drinks “contribute to nutritional intake and potentially fill nutritional gaps for children 12 to 36 months.” “Research demonstrates that nutrient intakes for young children often fall below adequate levels for iron, vitamin D, E, calcium, choline, potassium, and fiber,” an INCA spokesperson said. In addition, “the labeling of toddler nutritional drinks produced by INCA members explicitly identifies the product as a toddler drink intended for children 12 months and older on the front of the package label.” ‘Eye-catching’ labels Many toddler drinks have eye-catching labels that may look similar to infant formula versions, experts say. When your baby relies on formula to grow and thrive, the infant nutrition aisle at your grocery store quickly becomes familiar territory. So, it wasn’t long before Damary Santana noticed the brightly colored cans labeled as “toddler drink” nestled next to the infant formulas she was buying for her infant son. “They stood out because of the colors they use, like red, which catches your eye,” Santana told CNN. “The labels on the cans were also very eye-catching because they said the formula would support my baby’s brain development and immune system.” Saying she wanted the best for her son as he neared his first birthday, Santana decided to pay $35 to $45 a can for toddler milk so she could give him the nutrition he needed. “I also started giving it to my daughter when she turned one,” said Santana, who lives in Charleston, Massachusetts. “It was during the Covid pandemic and there was a lot of shortages, so I was buying two to three cans at a time for both my kiddos — it was very expensive.” Today, Santana is a plaintiff in a proposed class action lawsuit against Abbott Nutrition, maker of the two Similac toddler formulas she fed her children: Go & Grow toddler drink and Pure Bliss toddler drink. Santana said she joined the lawsuit after she learned from her pediatrician that toddler milk is completely unnecessary for her children’s development. “Everything that’s on that label is pretty much just advertising to get parents like me to buy the formula,” Santana said. “I could have used that money for other necessities, like clothes and diapers.” A legal nonprofit takes action Toddler milks often sell for $25 to $35 per can at major retailers, which is cheaper than infant formulas, critics say. The lawsuit was filed by attorney Andrew Rainer, director of the Center for Public Health Litigation , a nonprofit public interest law practice at the Northeastern University School of Law in Boston. The law center, which is part of the Public Health Advocacy Institute, or PHAI, initiates legal action against tobacco, food and soda companies that sell products it claims contribute to preventable chronic diseases. The president of PHAI, Richard Daynard, is famous for his role in the fight to expose the marketing practices of the tobacco industry. “Toddler milks are expensive, nutritionally unnecessary and may be harmful to children due to added sugars,” Rainer told CNN. “The products are labeled ‘Stage 3,’ implying they are the next nutritionally recommended product for purchase after infant formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 1’ and transitional formula, which is numbered ‘Stage 2.’ “We are suing to get Abbott to change their advertising and pay compensation to all the parents who purchased these products as a result of Abbott’s misleading, unlawful and unfair marketing practices,” Rainer added. In response, Abbott Nutrition, a leader in the infant and toddler formula market, told CNN the case was “without merit.” “Our toddler nutrition products are properly labeled, and our claims are well-supported. Of note, several courts have rejected similar claims about Abbott products, including a California jury earlier this year,” a spokesperson said via email. The lawsuits Abbott supplied to CNN, however, were not about toddler formulas. The California lawsuit alleged Abbott places excess sugar in PediaSure, a nutritional supplement designed to feed malnourished children — a jury rejected those claims. Another two cases focused on added sugars in Ensure, a product often used to treat malnutrition after chemotherapy, surgery and in the elderly. One was dismissed; in the other, a judge denied the plaintiff’s motion to bring the case as a class action. While the “Stage 1” and “Stage 3” signage that appeared on the original Pure Bliss infant and toddler products has been removed, the label on both the Irish Farms infant and toddler products are nearly identical. Like the original Pure Bliss toddler drink, the Irish Farms toddler product still contains 4 grams of added sugar per serving. Since the Santana lawsuit was filed, Abbott has launched an extension of the Pure Bliss by Similac product line: Irish Farms Infant Formula and Irish Farms Toddler Drink With Probiotics, both made with “Fresh Milk From Cows in Ireland.” “No changes were made to the formulation. These products offer the same great nutrition, just with a new name and label,” the company says on the FAQ section of its website. The Pure Bliss by Similac Irish Farms toddler and infant formula labels are nearly identical, which critics say increases the odds caregivers could choose the wrong formula for their infants. Abbott faces additional proposed class action lawsuits. A California mother filed suit against Abbott in September 2024 for its marketing of Go & Grow 360 Total Care Toddler Drink by Similac . In mid-August, a judge denied in part Abbott’s petition to dismiss the case, allowing several claims to move forward. Two fathers in California filed suit in December 2024 alleging Abbott injects “up to 12 grams of added sugar per serving, equivalent to almost half a can of soda” into Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care toddler drink powder and Similac’s Go & Grow 360 Total Care Sensitive toddler drink poweder. The lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice, which allows the claims to be resubmitted to the court in future. When asked, Abbott provided no further comment concerning these lawsuits. “Sensitive” formulas are marketed to parents who worry their children suffer from lactose intolerance, which is rare in children younger than age 6. “If there’s a take-home message for the world, it’s that you don’t need to put your baby on low lactose formulas with names like ‘gentle ‘or ‘sensitive’ because of routine baby symptoms like spitting or a bit of colic,” Abrams told CNN. “It doesn’t work for those things, plus more than 95% of all babies are not lactose sensitive — lactose is the natural sugar in breast milk. Yet a third to half of the marketplace is made up of these sensitive or gentle formulas,” Abrams said. “The marketing also plays in the guilt of moms who aren’t able to breastfeed, because who doesn’t want sensitive formula for your sweet little baby, right?” Many toddler milks contain added sugars. Children younger than 2 years of age should have zero added sugars, experts say. Multiple companies face lawsuits Other key players in the infant and toddler formula market have also faced proposed class action lawsuits. Mead Johnson Nutrition, which makes Enfagrow Premium Toddler Nutritional Drink and Enfagrow NeuroPro Toddler Nutritional Drink products, has been accused of using “deceptive and unlawful practices in labeling and marketing,” according to a lawsuit filed by three California parents in July 2024. A motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part by a federal court in California in July; the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in early August. In response, Mead Johnson Nutrition told CNN via email that its products use “evidence-based nutrition” to support the development needs of young children. “While we cannot comment on pending litigation, we stand behind our products and their labeling to ensure appropriate use by parents. In this case, we are pleased all fraud-based claims were dismissed and we remain confident our products are accurately labeled and responsibly marketed,” a spokesperson said. Gerber Products Company was sued in 2020 over its marketing of Gerber Good Start Grow Stage 3, which was sold as “necessary” for the “nutritional needs of children ages 12 to 24 months,” according to the lawsuit. “Contrary to the recommended nutritional needs of children in this age range, the Product contains 15 grams of added sugar,” the lawsuit stated. Gerber’s motion to dismiss was denied in part and granted in part, but the lawsuit was dropped in early 2022 when the plaintiff moved out of state, said Spencer Sheehan, the New York attorney who filed the case. “The judge’s denial of Gerber’s dismissal motion was positive and recognized and credited the legal theories we raised,” Sheehan told CNN. “I don’t think there’s any marketing that can save or make this category of products useful — personally, I don’t think these products should even be sold.” CNN reached out to Gerber and was told the company sold its infant formula portfolio in late 2022 to Perrigo, the third largest manufacturer of infant formula in the US and Canada, according to its website. Good Start is now marketed as Good Start Dr. Brown’s, with three infant formulations: one for gas, fussiness and spit-up; a second for ﻿easy digestion and softer poops; and a third that is milk- and lactose-free. However, there is no product for toddlers. CNN reached out to Perrigo but did not receive a reply. The American Academy of Pediatrics flagged concerns over a link between toddler milks and childhood obesity in 2023. The birth of toddler milks The American Academy of Pediatrics has long said “breast is best” and strongly encourages breastfeeding babies for as long as possible. Oddly, it was the success of this mission that led to the birth of the toddler milk industry in the US, said Jennifer Harris, a senior research adviser of marketing initiatives at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Health at the University of Connecticut’s Hartford campus. “Toddler drinks are just a marketing tactic formula companies use to offset the decline in infant formula sales due to the increase in breastfeeding,” said Harris, who studies how food is marketed to children. “There’s no health benefit in these toddler drinks, it’s all just a marketing ploy — a very lucrative one at that,” she said, echoing a key allegation in the Public Health Advocacy Institute lawsuit. “There’s absolutely no reason for this product category to exist, none at all,” she said. Harris is the senior author of a February 2020 study , which tracked sales and advertising dollars for the infant and toddler formula industry between 2006 and 2015. Sales volume, which is the total amount of infant formula sold, dropped 7% and advertising dollars declined over the 10-year-period. During the same time frame, advertising for toddler milks rose fourfold, with a 158% increase in annual sales volume. Today the “growing up” milk market, as it is called, is exploding, said Rainer, citing available market data. “Since 2018 the nationwide sales of toddler milks — a product no one needs — has averaged well over $500 million per year,” he said. Critics say labels on toddler milks are often similar in color and styling to labels on a brand’s infant formulas, which makes it easy for parents to confuse the two, Harris said. “It’s easy for parents to grab the toddler version instead of the infant formula,” she said. “Or they think, ‘Oh, this one is less expensive, I’ll just get this instead.’” Like Damary Santana, parents in focus groups told researchers they were swayed by labels that say toddler milks provide numerous immune - boosting and brain-nourishing additives. “I feel like the marketing does a really good job of playing to a mother’s fears,” a Hartford, Connecticut, mother told Harris and her team in 2022. “Because who wants to feel like, I didn’t give my child the thing to support their immune system? Or they’re not going to have brain or eye development if I don’t give them this.” Because toddler milks are not regulated by the FDA or Infant Formula Act , formula makers can “market anything they want,” Abrams said. “The World Health Organization’s marketing code for breast-milk substitutes, which is accepted throughout most of the world, specifically does not allow the marketing of toddler formulas in this way,” he said. “The United States, however, does not legally accept the restrictions in the code.” The Public Health Advocacy Institute and more than two dozen other organizations and individuals petitioned the FDA in July 2020 to set limits on the advertising of toddler milks while improving transparency on ingredient labels. Was there any response? “Crickets,” said Harris, who signed the citizen petition. “We followed up a few years later, and the FDA basically said ‘Hey, we have a lot on our plate, and this isn’t a top priority.’” A possible new priority? Updating infant formula guidelines was the focus of the June meeting of the expert advisory council for Operation Stork Speed, but toddler milks were also discussed. Panel members acknowledged the issue of parents unknowingly giving toddler milks instead of formula to their infants because they couldn’t tell the products apart, according to a posted summary . “The labels of these products should clearly state that they are not appropriate for infants,” the committee agreed. The committee also discussed the AAP’s recommendation that toddler products should no longer be positioned on store shelves next to infant formulas. Finally, the committee recommended that the FDA become involved in regulating toddler milk marketing, perhaps by “ incorporating some aspects of the WHO Code of Marketing of Infant Formulas.” Will the FDA implement actions on toddler milks as recommended by experts? Andrew Nixon, director of communications for the US Department of Health and Human Services — which oversees the FDA — told CNN via email: “We do not speculate on potential, future policy decisions.” Get inspired by a weekly roundup on living well, made simple. Sign up for CNN’s Life, But Better newsletter for information and tools designed to improve your well-being. Privacy Policy For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.cnn.com/privacy .