Published On 20 Aug 2025 20 Aug 2025 Save to Reading list United States-led mediators have said they are “appalled” by the continuously deteriorating humanitarian situation in Sudan, where a brutal civil war is raging into its third year, and called for urgent action by the warring parties to protect civilians. The mediators, known as the Aligned for Advancing Lifesaving and Peace in Sudan (ALPS) Group, include the US, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, among others. Recommended Stories list of 3 items list 1 of 3 Confrontation between Tunisia’s General Union, President Saied escalates list 2 of 3 Big box retailer Target names new CEO as business struggles list 3 of 3 Ugandan official denies reports that it will take US deportees end of list “The ALPS group urgently reiterates that international humanitarian law must be fully respected. This includes the obligations to protect civilians, including humanitarian personnel, their premises and assets, as well as to allow and facilitate rapid and unimpeded humanitarian access to all those in need,” the ALPS Group said in a statement on Wednesday. The group said it was also appalled by “the growing number of people in situations of severe malnutrition and famine, and by the wide range of access impediments that are delaying or blocking the response in key areas”. It added that the situation was especially urgent in the North Darfur and Kordofan regions. “Civilians continue to pay the highest price for this war,” it said. Sudan has been ravaged by violence and hunger since the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) and paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) went to war in April 2023. The country in effect is split in two, with the army controlling the north, east and centre of Sudan and the RSF dominating nearly all of Darfur and parts of the south. Nearly 25 million people in Sudan face dire hunger, with millions cut off from lifesaving aid, according to the United Nations. Advertisement The UAE has been accused of championing the RSF, including by sending weapons, something it strongly denies. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA The plea for Sudan comes as the US faces global criticism for its support of Israel in the genocidal war on Gaza, which is also facing an Israeli-induced famine. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies list 1 of 3 Confrontation between Tunisia’s General Union, President Saied escalates list 2 of 3 Big box retailer Target names new CEO as business struggles list 3 of 3 Ugandan official denies reports that it will take US deportees