50 Updates Auto-updates 13m ago (13:45 GMT) WATCH: The importance of preserving Palestinian archives A Jewish historian of Palestine, Zach Foster, has discussed with Al Jazeera his work in preserving Palestinian maps and archival materials, despite the deliberate destruction of archives by Israel. Foster explains his journey from growing up in a Zionist household to advocating for the rights and history of Palestinians. Watch this episode of Centre Stage below: 18m ago (13:40 GMT) Death toll from Sabra attack rises to 6, including 4 children An Israeli attack on Gaza City’s Sabra neighbourhood is now confirmed to have killed at least six people, according to a source at al-Ahli Arab Hospital cited by our colleagues on the ground. Four of the victims are children, they report. 23m ago (13:35 GMT) ‘Scorched earth’ attacks in Gaza City neighbourhoods Hani Mahmoud Reporting from Gaza City, Gaza The same exact scenario keeps repeating itself across Gaza. The Israeli military is targeting densely populated neighbourhoods to depopulate them. We’ve seen this unfolding in Tuffah and Shujayea neighbourhoods in eastern Gaza City. Now we’re seeing it happen in the Zeitoun neighbourhood. It’s a scorched earth strategy – destroying all means of life, including residential buildings, public facilities and other critical infrastructure. This all eventually forces people to leave the area and never return. Elsewhere, attacks continue to happen in Jabalia. Advertisement 28m ago (13:30 GMT) If you’re just joining us Here are the latest developments: A woman was killed in Israeli attack on Gaza City’s Sabra neighbourhood, and a separate strike on the neighbouring Sheikh Radwan area killed a girl, according to medical sources speaking to Al Jazeera and the Wafa news agency, respectively. At least 70 Palestinians, including 18 aid seekers, have been killed and 356 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Gaza’s Government Media Office says just 250 aid trucks reached the enclave in the past three days, most of which were looted. UNRWA chief Philippe Lazzarini says child malnutrition in Gaza City has risen sixfold since March, warning the crisis could deepen if Israel launches its planned offensive. The Hostages and Missing Families Forum, which represents relatives of Israeli captives in Gaza, has urged the public to join an antiwar march this evening in front of Israel’s Kirya military base in Tel Aviv. Israeli defence companies will not be allowed to participate in this year’s NEDS arms fair in Rotterdam due to concerns over security and social unrest linked to the war in Gaza, organisers have confirmed. 43m ago (13:15 GMT) Israel’s Gideon’s Chariot operation killed ‘9,073 unarmed civilians’ since May: Media Office Gaza’s Government Media Office says this major Israeli ground offensive launched in May this year has killed 9,073 civilians and injured 36,900. The statement published on Telegram says the death toll includes 2,358 children, 1,088 women, and 455 elderly people. It said the remaining victims were men who were shot dead “in cold blood” at the GHF aid distribution sites and aid convoys entering Gaza. “We demand that the international community take serious and effective action to stop these massacres committed by the occupation and hold it accountable, in accordance with the provisions of international humanitarian law,” the office concluded. 48m ago (13:10 GMT) Gaza death toll since dawn rises again At least 27 Palestinians have been killed since dawn this morning, hospital sources have told Al Jazeera. That includes at least eight people who were killed waiting for desperately needed aid. 58m ago (13:00 GMT) Israel’s military claims Hezbollah member killed in Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area We reported earlier that an Israeli air raid hit a motorcycle in southern Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area. Israel’s military has now taken responsibility for the attack, claiming it killed a member of Hezbollah’s elite Radwan Force. Despite a ceasefire that went into effect in November 2024 , Israel has since waged hundreds of air raids on Lebanon, claiming to target Hezbollah. On Monday, US Syria envoy Tom Barrack urged Israel to respect the agreement. 1h ago (12:55 GMT) Israeli army warns hospital authorities, aid groups amid escalating attacks in Gaza City The Israeli army claims its personnel delivered warning calls on Tuesday to medical authorities and international aid groups operating in northern Gaza, sharing with them plans to relocate Palestinians to the southern part of the coastal enclave. “The officers emphasised to the medical officials that adjustments are being made to the hospital infrastructure in the south of the Strip to receive the sick and wounded, alongside an increased entry of necessary medical equipment according to the requests of the international aid organisations,” it added. This alert comes amid Israel’s newly approved offensive, a plan by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the military occupation of Gaza City, located in the north of the Palestinian enclave. Occupying Gaza City marks a major escalation by Israel in its war on the Palestinian territory, and will likely result in the forced displacement of tens of thousands of exhausted and starving residents who are experiencing famine conditions, as Israel continues to block humanitarian aid from entering the territory. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (12:45 GMT) Gaza hospital director warns of dire conditions amid limited resources Dr Suhaib al-Hams, the director of the Kuwait Specialty Hospital in Gaza’s southern city of Rafah, has spoken to Al Jazeera Arabic about the challenges facing the hospital amid the ongoing Israeli attacks in the enclave. Here are his translated comments: We are forced to choose between the sick and the injured, depending on their health condition. With our limited resources, we cannot handle the large number of infected people. We discriminate between patients due to the scarcity of medicines and the unavailability of the necessary surgical tools. Advertisement 1h ago (12:30 GMT) Dutch arms fair says Israeli firms not allowed to participate due to safety concerns Israeli defence companies will not be allowed to participate in this year’s NEDS arms fair in Rotterdam due to concerns over security and social unrest linked to the war in Gaza, organisers have confirmed. Hans Huigen, the director of the event’s organiser, the Netherlands Industries for Defence and Security, told public broadcaster NOS that four Israeli firms had applied for booth space but were all rejected. “The current situation in Gaza has deteriorated to such an extent that social unrest is growing worldwide, in Europe, and in the Netherlands,” Huigen said. “We have told them that we are concerned about the safe organisation of the fair if they participate.” He stressed that the decision was not based on opposition to Israel as such but on safety concerns. “It’s not up to us to have an opinion on that, but we do listen and pay attention to what’s going on in society and politics on this issue,” Huigen added. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies 50 Updates Auto-updates 13m ago (13:45 GMT) WATCH: The importance of preserving Palestinian archives A Jewish historian of Palestine, Zach Foster, has discussed with Al Jazeera his work in preserving Palestinian maps and archival materials, despite the deliberate destruction of archives by Israel. Foster explains his journey from growing up in a Zionist household to advocating for the rights and history of Palestinians. Watch this episode of Centre Stage below: 18m ago (13:40 GMT) Death toll from Sabra attack rises to 6, including 4 children An Israeli attack on Gaza City’s Sabra neighbourhood is now confirmed to have killed at least six people, according to a source at al-Ahli Arab Hospital cited by our colleagues on the ground. Four of the victims are children, they report. 23m ago (13:35 GMT) ‘Scorched earth’ attacks in Gaza City neighbourhoods Hani Mahmoud Reporting from Gaza City, Gaza The same exact scenario keeps repeating itself across Gaza. The Israeli military is targeting densely populated neighbourhoods to depopulate them. We’ve seen this unfolding in Tuffah and Shujayea neighbourhoods in eastern Gaza City. Now we’re seeing it happen in the Zeitoun neighbourhood. It’s a scorched earth strategy – destroying all means of life, including residential buildings, public facilities and other critical infrastructure. This all eventually forces people to leave the area and never return. Elsewhere, attacks continue to happen in Jabalia. Advertisement 28m ago (13:30 GMT) If you’re just joining us Here are the latest developments: A woman was killed in Israeli attack on Gaza City’s Sabra neighbourhood, and a separate strike on the neighbouring Sheikh Radwan area killed a girl, according to medical sources speaking to Al Jazeera and the Wafa news agency, respectively. At least 70 Palestinians, including 18 aid seekers, have been killed and 356 injured in Israeli attacks across Gaza in 24 hours, according to the enclave’s Health Ministry. Gaza’s Government Media Office says just 250 aid trucks reached the enclave in the past three days, most of which were looted. UNRWA chief Philippe Lazzarini says child malnutrition in Gaza City has risen sixfold since March, warning the crisis could deepen if Israel launches its planned offensive. The Hostages and Missing Families Forum, which represents relatives of Israeli captives in Gaza, has urged the public to join an antiwar march this evening in front of Israel’s Kirya military base in Tel Aviv. Israeli defence companies will not be allowed to participate in this year’s NEDS arms fair in Rotterdam due to concerns over security and social unrest linked to the war in Gaza, organisers have confirmed. 43m ago (13:15 GMT) Israel’s Gideon’s Chariot operation killed ‘9,073 unarmed civilians’ since May: Media Office Gaza’s Government Media Office says this major Israeli ground offensive launched in May this year has killed 9,073 civilians and injured 36,900. The statement published on Telegram says the death toll includes 2,358 children, 1,088 women, and 455 elderly people. It said the remaining victims were men who were shot dead “in cold blood” at the GHF aid distribution sites and aid convoys entering Gaza. “We demand that the international community take serious and effective action to stop these massacres committed by the occupation and hold it accountable, in accordance with the provisions of international humanitarian law,” the office concluded. 48m ago (13:10 GMT) Gaza death toll since dawn rises again At least 27 Palestinians have been killed since dawn this morning, hospital sources have told Al Jazeera. That includes at least eight people who were killed waiting for desperately needed aid. 58m ago (13:00 GMT) Israel’s military claims Hezbollah member killed in Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area We reported earlier that an Israeli air raid hit a motorcycle in southern Lebanon’s Deir Siryan area. Israel’s military has now taken responsibility for the attack, claiming it killed a member of Hezbollah’s elite Radwan Force. Despite a ceasefire that went into effect in November 2024 , Israel has since waged hundreds of air raids on Lebanon, claiming to target Hezbollah. On Monday, US Syria envoy Tom Barrack urged Israel to respect the agreement. 1h ago (12:55 GMT) Israeli army warns hospital authorities, aid groups amid escalating attacks in Gaza City The Israeli army claims its personnel delivered warning calls on Tuesday to medical authorities and international aid groups operating in northern Gaza, sharing with them plans to relocate Palestinians to the southern part of the coastal enclave. “The officers emphasised to the medical officials that adjustments are being made to the hospital infrastructure in the south of the Strip to receive the sick and wounded, alongside an increased entry of necessary medical equipment according to the requests of the international aid organisations,” it added. This alert comes amid Israel’s newly approved offensive, a plan by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the military occupation of Gaza City, located in the north of the Palestinian enclave. Occupying Gaza City marks a major escalation by Israel in its war on the Palestinian territory, and will likely result in the forced displacement of tens of thousands of exhausted and starving residents who are experiencing famine conditions, as Israel continues to block humanitarian aid from entering the territory. Sign up for Al Jazeera Breaking News Alert protected by reCAPTCHA 1h ago (12:45 GMT) Gaza hospital director warns of dire conditions amid limited resources Dr Suhaib al-Hams, the director of the Kuwait Specialty Hospital in Gaza’s southern city of Rafah, has spoken to Al Jazeera Arabic about the challenges facing the hospital amid the ongoing Israeli attacks in the enclave. Here are his translated comments: We are forced to choose between the sick and the injured, depending on their health condition. With our limited resources, we cannot handle the large number of infected people. We discriminate between patients due to the scarcity of medicines and the unavailability of the necessary surgical tools. Advertisement 1h ago (12:30 GMT) Dutch arms fair says Israeli firms not allowed to participate due to safety concerns Israeli defence companies will not be allowed to participate in this year’s NEDS arms fair in Rotterdam due to concerns over security and social unrest linked to the war in Gaza, organisers have confirmed. Hans Huigen, the director of the event’s organiser, the Netherlands Industries for Defence and Security, told public broadcaster NOS that four Israeli firms had applied for booth space but were all rejected. “The current situation in Gaza has deteriorated to such an extent that social unrest is growing worldwide, in Europe, and in the Netherlands,” Huigen said. “We have told them that we are concerned about the safe organisation of the fair if they participate.” He stressed that the decision was not based on opposition to Israel as such but on safety concerns. “It’s not up to us to have an opinion on that, but we do listen and pay attention to what’s going on in society and politics on this issue,” Huigen added. Source: Al Jazeera and news agencies