close Dr. Siegel argues RFK Jr. 'is here' because Americans lost confidence in public health officials Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel discusses HHS Sec. RFk, Jr.'s vow of 'radical transparency,' the creation of the Make America Healthy Again Commission, and the 'spiritual crisis' in America. The "Make America Healthy Again" commission held an inaugural meeting on Monday with USDA Secretary Brooke Rollins and HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The USDA and HHS have since announced that they are conducting a "line-by-line" review of the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans released by the Biden Administration last year. "I commend President Trump on his bold leadership to empower Americans to live longer, healthier, more abundant lives," Secretary Rollins told Fox News Digital. "I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues across the Cabinet and leading efforts at the Department of Agriculture to encourage healthy choices, outcomes and families." FIRST STATE TO BAN FLUORIDE IN DRINKING WATER WILL HEED MAHA MOVEMENT'S CALL TO ACTION In a joint press release, the agencies announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the end-of-year deadline. Over the past 100 years, the federal government has provided advice on what Americans should eat and drink based off nutrition and health advances in science. USDA and HHS announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the Dec. 31, 2025 deadline. (USDA) The agencies shared there will be "holistic process improvements to ensure transparency and minimize any conflicts of interest." Rollins said the 2025-2030 guidelines will be "based on sound science , not political science," adding, "Gone are the days where leftist ideologies guide public policy," according to the release. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health Secretary Kennedy said updating the guidelines is "a giant step in making America the healthiest country in the world." "We are going to make sure the dietary guidelines will reflect the public interest and serve public health, rather than special interests," said Kennedy. USDA Secretary Rollins and HHS Secretary Kennedy announced that they are reviewing the previous Dietary Guidelines for Americans and will release the 2025-2030 report by December. (iStock, USDA, HHS) While specific changes to the guidelines have not yet been released, the existing report from the Biden Administration includes oils listed as part of a healthy dietary pattern, citing that they provide "essential fatty acids." "Commonly consumed oils include canola, corn, olive, peanut, safflower, soybean and sunflower oils," the report states. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Supporters in the MAHA movement have been outspoken about the use of seed oils in food and instead promote the use of natural lards such as beef tallow. The existing report advises Americans to move away from "fats high in saturated fat" such as butter, lards and oils. Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association on Monday. (@SecKennedy/X) The guideline announcement comes as Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association. Out of Monday’s meeting, Kennedy announced the HHS will eliminate the GRAS [Generally Recognized as Safe] loophole used by ingredient manufacturers and sponsors, which currently allows new ingredients and chemicals to be introduced into the U.S. food supply without proper notification to the FDA or the public. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to HHS and USDA for comment. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Dr. Siegel argues RFK Jr. 'is here' because Americans lost confidence in public health officials Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel discusses HHS Sec. RFk, Jr.'s vow of 'radical transparency,' the creation of the Make America Healthy Again Commission, and the 'spiritual crisis' in America. The "Make America Healthy Again" commission held an inaugural meeting on Monday with USDA Secretary Brooke Rollins and HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The USDA and HHS have since announced that they are conducting a "line-by-line" review of the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans released by the Biden Administration last year. "I commend President Trump on his bold leadership to empower Americans to live longer, healthier, more abundant lives," Secretary Rollins told Fox News Digital. "I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues across the Cabinet and leading efforts at the Department of Agriculture to encourage healthy choices, outcomes and families." FIRST STATE TO BAN FLUORIDE IN DRINKING WATER WILL HEED MAHA MOVEMENT'S CALL TO ACTION In a joint press release, the agencies announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the end-of-year deadline. Over the past 100 years, the federal government has provided advice on what Americans should eat and drink based off nutrition and health advances in science. USDA and HHS announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the Dec. 31, 2025 deadline. (USDA) The agencies shared there will be "holistic process improvements to ensure transparency and minimize any conflicts of interest." Rollins said the 2025-2030 guidelines will be "based on sound science , not political science," adding, "Gone are the days where leftist ideologies guide public policy," according to the release. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health Secretary Kennedy said updating the guidelines is "a giant step in making America the healthiest country in the world." "We are going to make sure the dietary guidelines will reflect the public interest and serve public health, rather than special interests," said Kennedy. USDA Secretary Rollins and HHS Secretary Kennedy announced that they are reviewing the previous Dietary Guidelines for Americans and will release the 2025-2030 report by December. (iStock, USDA, HHS) While specific changes to the guidelines have not yet been released, the existing report from the Biden Administration includes oils listed as part of a healthy dietary pattern, citing that they provide "essential fatty acids." "Commonly consumed oils include canola, corn, olive, peanut, safflower, soybean and sunflower oils," the report states. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Supporters in the MAHA movement have been outspoken about the use of seed oils in food and instead promote the use of natural lards such as beef tallow. The existing report advises Americans to move away from "fats high in saturated fat" such as butter, lards and oils. Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association on Monday. (@SecKennedy/X) The guideline announcement comes as Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association. Out of Monday’s meeting, Kennedy announced the HHS will eliminate the GRAS [Generally Recognized as Safe] loophole used by ingredient manufacturers and sponsors, which currently allows new ingredients and chemicals to be introduced into the U.S. food supply without proper notification to the FDA or the public. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to HHS and USDA for comment. Fox News Health Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Dr. Siegel argues RFK Jr. 'is here' because Americans lost confidence in public health officials Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel discusses HHS Sec. RFk, Jr.'s vow of 'radical transparency,' the creation of the Make America Healthy Again Commission, and the 'spiritual crisis' in America. The "Make America Healthy Again" commission held an inaugural meeting on Monday with USDA Secretary Brooke Rollins and HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The USDA and HHS have since announced that they are conducting a "line-by-line" review of the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans released by the Biden Administration last year. "I commend President Trump on his bold leadership to empower Americans to live longer, healthier, more abundant lives," Secretary Rollins told Fox News Digital. "I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues across the Cabinet and leading efforts at the Department of Agriculture to encourage healthy choices, outcomes and families." FIRST STATE TO BAN FLUORIDE IN DRINKING WATER WILL HEED MAHA MOVEMENT'S CALL TO ACTION In a joint press release, the agencies announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the end-of-year deadline. Over the past 100 years, the federal government has provided advice on what Americans should eat and drink based off nutrition and health advances in science. USDA and HHS announced they will be releasing the 2025-2030 report ahead of the Dec. 31, 2025 deadline. (USDA) The agencies shared there will be "holistic process improvements to ensure transparency and minimize any conflicts of interest." Rollins said the 2025-2030 guidelines will be "based on sound science , not political science," adding, "Gone are the days where leftist ideologies guide public policy," according to the release. For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health Secretary Kennedy said updating the guidelines is "a giant step in making America the healthiest country in the world." "We are going to make sure the dietary guidelines will reflect the public interest and serve public health, rather than special interests," said Kennedy. USDA Secretary Rollins and HHS Secretary Kennedy announced that they are reviewing the previous Dietary Guidelines for Americans and will release the 2025-2030 report by December. (iStock, USDA, HHS) While specific changes to the guidelines have not yet been released, the existing report from the Biden Administration includes oils listed as part of a healthy dietary pattern, citing that they provide "essential fatty acids." "Commonly consumed oils include canola, corn, olive, peanut, safflower, soybean and sunflower oils," the report states. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER Supporters in the MAHA movement have been outspoken about the use of seed oils in food and instead promote the use of natural lards such as beef tallow. The existing report advises Americans to move away from "fats high in saturated fat" such as butter, lards and oils. Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association on Monday. (@SecKennedy/X) The guideline announcement comes as Kennedy met with representatives from Kraft Heinz, General Mills, Tyson Foods, WK Kellogg Co, The J.M. Smucker Company and PepsiCo, along with the Consumer Brands Association. Out of Monday’s meeting, Kennedy announced the HHS will eliminate the GRAS [Generally Recognized as Safe] loophole used by ingredient manufacturers and sponsors, which currently allows new ingredients and chemicals to be introduced into the U.S. food supply without proper notification to the FDA or the public. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Fox News Digital reached out to HHS and USDA for comment.