close Texas is doing what it's allowed to 'by the law,' says Gov. Greg Abbott Texas Gov. Greg Abbott discusses a redistricting battle in his state on 'Hannity.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min President Donald Trump is calling Texas lawmakers' approval of a sweeping redistricting plan to add up to five new GOP-leaning congressional seats a "Big WIN" for Republicans. Trump fired off a post via Truth Social hailing the state for "never letting us down," saying the victory was more than a state win but a national turning point. He went on to urge other Republican-led states to follow the Lone Star State’s lead. "Big WIN for the Great State of Texas!!! Everything Passed, on our way to FIVE more Congressional seats and saving your Rights, your Freedoms, and your Country, itself. Texas never lets us down. Florida, Indiana, and others are looking to do the same thing. More seats equals less Crime, a great Economy, and a STRONG SECOND AMENDMENT. It means Happiness and Peace," he said. TEXAS GOP LAWMAKERS POISED TO FINALIZE TRUMP-BACKED MAP AFTER DEM REDISTRICTING WALKOUT ENDS Following Texas Democratic lawmakers’ return on Monday, President Donald Trump urged the state legislature to move quickly to pass a highly controversial redistricting bill, saying, "Please pass this Map, ASAP." (Sergio Flores/Getty; Mark Schiefelbein/AP) Trump also suggested that a move in that direction could secure as many as 100 additional seats for the GOP nationwide if they followed suit. "But Republicans, there is one thing even better - STOP MAIL-IN VOTING, a total fraud that has no bounds. Also, go to PAPER BALLOTS before it is too late - At one tenth the cost, faster, and more reliable. If we do these TWO things, we will pick up 100 more seats, and the CROOKED game of politics is over. God Bless America!!!," the post went on. Texas Republicans pushed the new congressional map through the state House Wednesday in an 88–52 party-line vote, brushing aside Democratic objections in a bid to strengthen the GOP’s hold on Congress heading into 2026. WITH TEXAS DEMS BACK, TRUMP URGES LEGISLATURE: ‘PASS THIS MAP, ASAP’ A major battle over congressional redistricting took place at the Texas State Capitol. (Jordan Vonderhaar/Bloomberg via Getty Images) While Trump celebrated the redistricting as a major Republican win, Democrats framed it as only the beginning of a much larger legal battle. "This part of the fight is over, but it is merely the first chapter… Our best shot is in the courts. This is not over. We will continue fighting," said Rep. Gene Wu of Houston. Texas House Democrats also accused the GOP of trying to dilute minority voting power, saying the map was illegal and racially discriminatory. Democrats have signaled retaliation in response to Republican redistricting efforts across the country, particularly in Texas. (Getty Images) "Members, it breaks my heart to see how this illegal and rigged, mid-decade redistricting scheme is dividing our state and our country," Rep. Chris Turner, a Democrat, said. "This is Texas, it's not Washington D.C. The impulses of outside politicians and their billionaire backers shouldn't dictate what we do in this chamber, in this House." "This process was a total sham from the very beginning… This is a racist power grab that especially goes after our African American and Latino representatives," said Rep. Jon Rosenthal Republicans defended the map as necessary to reflect population growth and safeguard voter representation. "Different from everyone else, I’m telling you, I’m not beating around the bush," Rep. Todd Hunter, said about the map’s goal. "We have five new districts, and these five new districts are based on political performance." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Gov. Gavin Newsom and the California Democrats unveiled their new map last week in an effort to nullify the map Texas Republicans were creating. If that bill is passed, it would create five new Democratic-leaning congressional districts that would counteract Texas. The dueling maps highlight the high-stakes fight for control of the House, with both parties using redistricting to try to lock in their advantage before 2026. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Texas is doing what it's allowed to 'by the law,' says Gov. Greg Abbott Texas Gov. Greg Abbott discusses a redistricting battle in his state on 'Hannity.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min President Donald Trump is calling Texas lawmakers' approval of a sweeping redistricting plan to add up to five new GOP-leaning congressional seats a "Big WIN" for Republicans. Trump fired off a post via Truth Social hailing the state for "never letting us down," saying the victory was more than a state win but a national turning point. He went on to urge other Republican-led states to follow the Lone Star State’s lead. "Big WIN for the Great State of Texas!!! Everything Passed, on our way to FIVE more Congressional seats and saving your Rights, your Freedoms, and your Country, itself. Texas never lets us down. Florida, Indiana, and others are looking to do the same thing. More seats equals less Crime, a great Economy, and a STRONG SECOND AMENDMENT. It means Happiness and Peace," he said. TEXAS GOP LAWMAKERS POISED TO FINALIZE TRUMP-BACKED MAP AFTER DEM REDISTRICTING WALKOUT ENDS Following Texas Democratic lawmakers’ return on Monday, President Donald Trump urged the state legislature to move quickly to pass a highly controversial redistricting bill, saying, "Please pass this Map, ASAP." (Sergio Flores/Getty; Mark Schiefelbein/AP) Trump also suggested that a move in that direction could secure as many as 100 additional seats for the GOP nationwide if they followed suit. "But Republicans, there is one thing even better - STOP MAIL-IN VOTING, a total fraud that has no bounds. Also, go to PAPER BALLOTS before it is too late - At one tenth the cost, faster, and more reliable. If we do these TWO things, we will pick up 100 more seats, and the CROOKED game of politics is over. God Bless America!!!," the post went on. Texas Republicans pushed the new congressional map through the state House Wednesday in an 88–52 party-line vote, brushing aside Democratic objections in a bid to strengthen the GOP’s hold on Congress heading into 2026. WITH TEXAS DEMS BACK, TRUMP URGES LEGISLATURE: ‘PASS THIS MAP, ASAP’ A major battle over congressional redistricting took place at the Texas State Capitol. (Jordan Vonderhaar/Bloomberg via Getty Images) While Trump celebrated the redistricting as a major Republican win, Democrats framed it as only the beginning of a much larger legal battle. "This part of the fight is over, but it is merely the first chapter… Our best shot is in the courts. This is not over. We will continue fighting," said Rep. Gene Wu of Houston. Texas House Democrats also accused the GOP of trying to dilute minority voting power, saying the map was illegal and racially discriminatory. Democrats have signaled retaliation in response to Republican redistricting efforts across the country, particularly in Texas. (Getty Images) "Members, it breaks my heart to see how this illegal and rigged, mid-decade redistricting scheme is dividing our state and our country," Rep. Chris Turner, a Democrat, said. "This is Texas, it's not Washington D.C. The impulses of outside politicians and their billionaire backers shouldn't dictate what we do in this chamber, in this House." "This process was a total sham from the very beginning… This is a racist power grab that especially goes after our African American and Latino representatives," said Rep. Jon Rosenthal Republicans defended the map as necessary to reflect population growth and safeguard voter representation. "Different from everyone else, I’m telling you, I’m not beating around the bush," Rep. Todd Hunter, said about the map’s goal. "We have five new districts, and these five new districts are based on political performance." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Gov. Gavin Newsom and the California Democrats unveiled their new map last week in an effort to nullify the map Texas Republicans were creating. If that bill is passed, it would create five new Democratic-leaning congressional districts that would counteract Texas. The dueling maps highlight the high-stakes fight for control of the House, with both parties using redistricting to try to lock in their advantage before 2026. Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Texas is doing what it's allowed to 'by the law,' says Gov. Greg Abbott Texas Gov. Greg Abbott discusses a redistricting battle in his state on 'Hannity.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min President Donald Trump is calling Texas lawmakers' approval of a sweeping redistricting plan to add up to five new GOP-leaning congressional seats a "Big WIN" for Republicans. Trump fired off a post via Truth Social hailing the state for "never letting us down," saying the victory was more than a state win but a national turning point. He went on to urge other Republican-led states to follow the Lone Star State’s lead. "Big WIN for the Great State of Texas!!! Everything Passed, on our way to FIVE more Congressional seats and saving your Rights, your Freedoms, and your Country, itself. Texas never lets us down. Florida, Indiana, and others are looking to do the same thing. More seats equals less Crime, a great Economy, and a STRONG SECOND AMENDMENT. It means Happiness and Peace," he said. TEXAS GOP LAWMAKERS POISED TO FINALIZE TRUMP-BACKED MAP AFTER DEM REDISTRICTING WALKOUT ENDS Following Texas Democratic lawmakers’ return on Monday, President Donald Trump urged the state legislature to move quickly to pass a highly controversial redistricting bill, saying, "Please pass this Map, ASAP." (Sergio Flores/Getty; Mark Schiefelbein/AP) Trump also suggested that a move in that direction could secure as many as 100 additional seats for the GOP nationwide if they followed suit. "But Republicans, there is one thing even better - STOP MAIL-IN VOTING, a total fraud that has no bounds. Also, go to PAPER BALLOTS before it is too late - At one tenth the cost, faster, and more reliable. If we do these TWO things, we will pick up 100 more seats, and the CROOKED game of politics is over. God Bless America!!!," the post went on. Texas Republicans pushed the new congressional map through the state House Wednesday in an 88–52 party-line vote, brushing aside Democratic objections in a bid to strengthen the GOP’s hold on Congress heading into 2026. WITH TEXAS DEMS BACK, TRUMP URGES LEGISLATURE: ‘PASS THIS MAP, ASAP’ A major battle over congressional redistricting took place at the Texas State Capitol. (Jordan Vonderhaar/Bloomberg via Getty Images) While Trump celebrated the redistricting as a major Republican win, Democrats framed it as only the beginning of a much larger legal battle. "This part of the fight is over, but it is merely the first chapter… Our best shot is in the courts. This is not over. We will continue fighting," said Rep. Gene Wu of Houston. Texas House Democrats also accused the GOP of trying to dilute minority voting power, saying the map was illegal and racially discriminatory. Democrats have signaled retaliation in response to Republican redistricting efforts across the country, particularly in Texas. (Getty Images) "Members, it breaks my heart to see how this illegal and rigged, mid-decade redistricting scheme is dividing our state and our country," Rep. Chris Turner, a Democrat, said. "This is Texas, it's not Washington D.C. The impulses of outside politicians and their billionaire backers shouldn't dictate what we do in this chamber, in this House." "This process was a total sham from the very beginning… This is a racist power grab that especially goes after our African American and Latino representatives," said Rep. Jon Rosenthal Republicans defended the map as necessary to reflect population growth and safeguard voter representation. "Different from everyone else, I’m telling you, I’m not beating around the bush," Rep. Todd Hunter, said about the map’s goal. "We have five new districts, and these five new districts are based on political performance." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Gov. Gavin Newsom and the California Democrats unveiled their new map last week in an effort to nullify the map Texas Republicans were creating. If that bill is passed, it would create five new Democratic-leaning congressional districts that would counteract Texas. The dueling maps highlight the high-stakes fight for control of the House, with both parties using redistricting to try to lock in their advantage before 2026.