close Gavin Newsom's desire to abolish California's redistricting laws would 'disregard the will of voters,' says GOP lawmaker Rep. Kevin Kiley, R-Calif. discusses the redistricting efforts in the Golden State on 'Fox Report.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he respects California Gov. Gavin Newsom's push for a redistricting plan to add more Democratic seats in the blue state. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now "I believe that Gov. Newsom’s approach is a responsible approach. He said this is going to be responsible. We’re not going to try to completely maximize it," Obama said at a fundraiser Tuesday on Martha’s Vineyard in Massachusetts, according to excerpts obtained by The Associated Press. "We’re only going to do it if and when Texas and/or other Republican states begin to pull these maneuvers. Otherwise, this doesn’t go into effect," he added. OBAMA PRAISES DEMOCRATS WHO FLED TEXAS REDISTRICTING VOTE AS ‘INSPIRING’ Former President Barack Obama speaks at the Obama Foundation Democracy Forum Dec. 5, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley) In a post Wednesday on X, Obama said gerrymandering shouldn't be a part of politics. Instead, it should be a "fair fight" between Republicans and Democrats based on the competition of ideas. Changes in Texas and California's House seats could shift control of Congress in 2026. Some analysts say Democrats could pick up as many as five additional seats in California if Newsom’s plan succeeds, potentially canceling out Republican gains in Texas. The plan by Newsom is intended to counter a move by Texas over congressional redistricting ahead of next year's midterm elections. In Austin, the GOP-dominated state House of Representatives last week resumed meeting at a second straight special session called by conservative Republican Gov. Greg Abbott. But Republicans in the Texas House were prevented from holding votes on a new map for two weeks when dozens of Democratic state representatives fled the state to deny the GOP a quorum in the Texas House. NEWSOM UNVEILING CALIFORNIA REDISTRICTING EFFORT TO COUNTER TRUMP-BACKED PUSH IN TEXAS Accompanied by California and Texas lawmakers, California Gov. Gavin Newsom, center, discusses the push to schedule a special election to redraw California's congressional voting districts during a news conference in Sacramento. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) "Since Texas is taking direction from a partisan White House and gerrymandering in the middle of a decade to try and maintain the House despite their unpopular policies, I have tremendous respect for how Governor Newsom has approached this," Obama wrote on X. The former commander in chief said Newsom put forward a "smart, measured approach" designed to address "a very particular problem at a very particular moment in time." Newsom is moving to hold a special election this year to get voter approval to undo the constitutional amendments that created the nonpartisan redistricting commission, Fox News Digital previously reported . Gov. Greg Abbott speaks during a bill signing at the State Capitol April 23 in Austin, Texas. (Brandon Bell/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Republican lawmakers have vowed to fight it. Fox News Digital's Paul Steinhauser and Jasmine Baehr and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com . Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Gavin Newsom's desire to abolish California's redistricting laws would 'disregard the will of voters,' says GOP lawmaker Rep. Kevin Kiley, R-Calif. discusses the redistricting efforts in the Golden State on 'Fox Report.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he respects California Gov. Gavin Newsom's push for a redistricting plan to add more Democratic seats in the blue state. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now "I believe that Gov. Newsom’s approach is a responsible approach. He said this is going to be responsible. We’re not going to try to completely maximize it," Obama said at a fundraiser Tuesday on Martha’s Vineyard in Massachusetts, according to excerpts obtained by The Associated Press. "We’re only going to do it if and when Texas and/or other Republican states begin to pull these maneuvers. Otherwise, this doesn’t go into effect," he added. OBAMA PRAISES DEMOCRATS WHO FLED TEXAS REDISTRICTING VOTE AS ‘INSPIRING’ Former President Barack Obama speaks at the Obama Foundation Democracy Forum Dec. 5, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley) In a post Wednesday on X, Obama said gerrymandering shouldn't be a part of politics. Instead, it should be a "fair fight" between Republicans and Democrats based on the competition of ideas. Changes in Texas and California's House seats could shift control of Congress in 2026. Some analysts say Democrats could pick up as many as five additional seats in California if Newsom’s plan succeeds, potentially canceling out Republican gains in Texas. The plan by Newsom is intended to counter a move by Texas over congressional redistricting ahead of next year's midterm elections. In Austin, the GOP-dominated state House of Representatives last week resumed meeting at a second straight special session called by conservative Republican Gov. Greg Abbott. But Republicans in the Texas House were prevented from holding votes on a new map for two weeks when dozens of Democratic state representatives fled the state to deny the GOP a quorum in the Texas House. NEWSOM UNVEILING CALIFORNIA REDISTRICTING EFFORT TO COUNTER TRUMP-BACKED PUSH IN TEXAS Accompanied by California and Texas lawmakers, California Gov. Gavin Newsom, center, discusses the push to schedule a special election to redraw California's congressional voting districts during a news conference in Sacramento. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) "Since Texas is taking direction from a partisan White House and gerrymandering in the middle of a decade to try and maintain the House despite their unpopular policies, I have tremendous respect for how Governor Newsom has approached this," Obama wrote on X. The former commander in chief said Newsom put forward a "smart, measured approach" designed to address "a very particular problem at a very particular moment in time." Newsom is moving to hold a special election this year to get voter approval to undo the constitutional amendments that created the nonpartisan redistricting commission, Fox News Digital previously reported . Gov. Greg Abbott speaks during a bill signing at the State Capitol April 23 in Austin, Texas. (Brandon Bell/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Republican lawmakers have vowed to fight it. Fox News Digital's Paul Steinhauser and Jasmine Baehr and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com . Fox News Politics Get the latest updates from the 2024 campaign trail, exclusive interviews and more Fox News politics content. Arrives Weekdays By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close Gavin Newsom's desire to abolish California's redistricting laws would 'disregard the will of voters,' says GOP lawmaker Rep. Kevin Kiley, R-Calif. discusses the redistricting efforts in the Golden State on 'Fox Report.' NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 2 min Former President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he respects California Gov. Gavin Newsom's push for a redistricting plan to add more Democratic seats in the blue state. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now "I believe that Gov. Newsom’s approach is a responsible approach. He said this is going to be responsible. We’re not going to try to completely maximize it," Obama said at a fundraiser Tuesday on Martha’s Vineyard in Massachusetts, according to excerpts obtained by The Associated Press. "We’re only going to do it if and when Texas and/or other Republican states begin to pull these maneuvers. Otherwise, this doesn’t go into effect," he added. OBAMA PRAISES DEMOCRATS WHO FLED TEXAS REDISTRICTING VOTE AS ‘INSPIRING’ Former President Barack Obama speaks at the Obama Foundation Democracy Forum Dec. 5, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley) In a post Wednesday on X, Obama said gerrymandering shouldn't be a part of politics. Instead, it should be a "fair fight" between Republicans and Democrats based on the competition of ideas. Changes in Texas and California's House seats could shift control of Congress in 2026. Some analysts say Democrats could pick up as many as five additional seats in California if Newsom’s plan succeeds, potentially canceling out Republican gains in Texas. The plan by Newsom is intended to counter a move by Texas over congressional redistricting ahead of next year's midterm elections. In Austin, the GOP-dominated state House of Representatives last week resumed meeting at a second straight special session called by conservative Republican Gov. Greg Abbott. But Republicans in the Texas House were prevented from holding votes on a new map for two weeks when dozens of Democratic state representatives fled the state to deny the GOP a quorum in the Texas House. NEWSOM UNVEILING CALIFORNIA REDISTRICTING EFFORT TO COUNTER TRUMP-BACKED PUSH IN TEXAS Accompanied by California and Texas lawmakers, California Gov. Gavin Newsom, center, discusses the push to schedule a special election to redraw California's congressional voting districts during a news conference in Sacramento. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) "Since Texas is taking direction from a partisan White House and gerrymandering in the middle of a decade to try and maintain the House despite their unpopular policies, I have tremendous respect for how Governor Newsom has approached this," Obama wrote on X. The former commander in chief said Newsom put forward a "smart, measured approach" designed to address "a very particular problem at a very particular moment in time." Newsom is moving to hold a special election this year to get voter approval to undo the constitutional amendments that created the nonpartisan redistricting commission, Fox News Digital previously reported . Gov. Greg Abbott speaks during a bill signing at the State Capitol April 23 in Austin, Texas. (Brandon Bell/Getty Images) CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP California Republican lawmakers have vowed to fight it. Fox News Digital's Paul Steinhauser and Jasmine Baehr and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com .