close The conclave elects an American pontiff Can Pope Leo XIV unite a divided church? NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Pope Leo XIV is shaking up tradition at the Vatican — moving into a newly renovated papal apartment and bringing four roommates, according to reports. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now Leo plans to share his new residence, which is undergoing a major revamp, marking the first time in modern history that a pope has decided to live communally in the palace’s official quarters, The Telegraph reported. "It seems to be new to me," Vatican correspondent Iacopo Scaramuzzi told the U.K. outlet. "I don’t know if that takes account of the long history of the Church, but certainly in the modern era." Among those reportedly joining him is his Peruvian personal secretary, Father Edgard Rimaycuna, who is often seen at Leo’s side. A trusted adviser and close friend since the Pope’s early pastoral years in South America, Father Edgard, is thought of as one of Leo’s most loyal companions. PIZZA FOR POPE SURVIVED VAN BREAKDOWN, TSA SECURITY AND MORE DRAMA BEFORE FINALLY REACHING CATHOLIC LEADER Pope Leo XIV at Castel Gandolfo with his longtime personal secretary, Father Edgard Iván Rimaycuna Inga, who is expected to join him in the Apostolic Palace apartments. (Getty Images) "In my opinion, Leo is definitely different to Francis but not that different," Scaramuzzi added. "He is returning to the papal apartments, but not like a king." The shared living arrangement is said to reflect the community ethos of the Augustinians, the order of friars to which Leo belongs. The move also contrasts with Pope Francis, who said no to moving into the papal apartments when he was ordained in 2013, choosing instead a Vatican guesthouse . MORNING GLORY: POPE LEO XIV (AND PRESIDENT TRUMP) Inside the spacious papal apartments that Pope Leo XIV may soon call home. (Getty Images) The Apostolic Palace , where the apartment lies, dates back to the 15th century and also houses papal offices, museums and the Sistine Chapel. Italian media outlet La Repubblica reported this week that renovations to the apartment are ongoing. The 10-room suite, located on the palace’s third floor, has also undergone repairs for water infiltration and humidity after years of disuse. ILLINOIS TOWN MOVES TO SEIZE POPE LEO XIV'S CHILDHOOD HOME THROUGH EMINENT DOMAIN, CONVERT TO HISTORIC SITE One of the bedrooms inside the papal apartment, which Leo will share with four close companions. (Getty Images) The Vatican has remained "tight-lipped about the latest restructure," according to The Telegraph, though technicians have been at work for months. When Francis died in April, the papal apartments were sealed in a ritual before being reopened for renovation. Since then, Pope Leo has been living in the Sagrestia building near St. Peter’s Basilica. POPE LEO XIV INSPIRES OVER A MILLION YOUNG CATHOLICS AT ROME FAITH GATHERING Pope Leo speaks to crowds outside the Apostolic Palace in 2025, where his apartment is currently under renovation. (Getty Images) This isn’t the first time Leo XIV has opted for a modern touch. Born to a working-class immigrant family in Chicago , he grew up modestly before joining the priesthood. In 2024, he told Vatican News that he strives to stay grounded. "A bishop is not supposed to be a little prince sitting in his kingdom, but rather called authentically to be humble, to be close to the people he serves, to walk with them and to suffer with them," he said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Reaction to Leo’s move has been mixed online. Earlier this year, author James Martin wrote on X: "We need to trust Pope Leo’s discernment in this and all things — and wish him well in his new digs!" Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close The conclave elects an American pontiff Can Pope Leo XIV unite a divided church? NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Pope Leo XIV is shaking up tradition at the Vatican — moving into a newly renovated papal apartment and bringing four roommates, according to reports. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now Leo plans to share his new residence, which is undergoing a major revamp, marking the first time in modern history that a pope has decided to live communally in the palace’s official quarters, The Telegraph reported. "It seems to be new to me," Vatican correspondent Iacopo Scaramuzzi told the U.K. outlet. "I don’t know if that takes account of the long history of the Church, but certainly in the modern era." Among those reportedly joining him is his Peruvian personal secretary, Father Edgard Rimaycuna, who is often seen at Leo’s side. A trusted adviser and close friend since the Pope’s early pastoral years in South America, Father Edgard, is thought of as one of Leo’s most loyal companions. PIZZA FOR POPE SURVIVED VAN BREAKDOWN, TSA SECURITY AND MORE DRAMA BEFORE FINALLY REACHING CATHOLIC LEADER Pope Leo XIV at Castel Gandolfo with his longtime personal secretary, Father Edgard Iván Rimaycuna Inga, who is expected to join him in the Apostolic Palace apartments. (Getty Images) "In my opinion, Leo is definitely different to Francis but not that different," Scaramuzzi added. "He is returning to the papal apartments, but not like a king." The shared living arrangement is said to reflect the community ethos of the Augustinians, the order of friars to which Leo belongs. The move also contrasts with Pope Francis, who said no to moving into the papal apartments when he was ordained in 2013, choosing instead a Vatican guesthouse . MORNING GLORY: POPE LEO XIV (AND PRESIDENT TRUMP) Inside the spacious papal apartments that Pope Leo XIV may soon call home. (Getty Images) The Apostolic Palace , where the apartment lies, dates back to the 15th century and also houses papal offices, museums and the Sistine Chapel. Italian media outlet La Repubblica reported this week that renovations to the apartment are ongoing. The 10-room suite, located on the palace’s third floor, has also undergone repairs for water infiltration and humidity after years of disuse. ILLINOIS TOWN MOVES TO SEIZE POPE LEO XIV'S CHILDHOOD HOME THROUGH EMINENT DOMAIN, CONVERT TO HISTORIC SITE One of the bedrooms inside the papal apartment, which Leo will share with four close companions. (Getty Images) The Vatican has remained "tight-lipped about the latest restructure," according to The Telegraph, though technicians have been at work for months. When Francis died in April, the papal apartments were sealed in a ritual before being reopened for renovation. Since then, Pope Leo has been living in the Sagrestia building near St. Peter’s Basilica. POPE LEO XIV INSPIRES OVER A MILLION YOUNG CATHOLICS AT ROME FAITH GATHERING Pope Leo speaks to crowds outside the Apostolic Palace in 2025, where his apartment is currently under renovation. (Getty Images) This isn’t the first time Leo XIV has opted for a modern touch. Born to a working-class immigrant family in Chicago , he grew up modestly before joining the priesthood. In 2024, he told Vatican News that he strives to stay grounded. "A bishop is not supposed to be a little prince sitting in his kingdom, but rather called authentically to be humble, to be close to the people he serves, to walk with them and to suffer with them," he said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Reaction to Leo’s move has been mixed online. Earlier this year, author James Martin wrote on X: "We need to trust Pope Leo’s discernment in this and all things — and wish him well in his new digs!" Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner. Antisemitism Exposed Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world." Arrives Weekly By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! close The conclave elects an American pontiff Can Pope Leo XIV unite a divided church? NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles! Listen to this article 3 min Pope Leo XIV is shaking up tradition at the Vatican — moving into a newly renovated papal apartment and bringing four roommates, according to reports. Sponsored Message Sponsored Message SPONSORED by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Your monthly gift could make a real difference. Your support represents the greatest possible gift for a St. Jude mom — more time with her child. Donate Now Leo plans to share his new residence, which is undergoing a major revamp, marking the first time in modern history that a pope has decided to live communally in the palace’s official quarters, The Telegraph reported. "It seems to be new to me," Vatican correspondent Iacopo Scaramuzzi told the U.K. outlet. "I don’t know if that takes account of the long history of the Church, but certainly in the modern era." Among those reportedly joining him is his Peruvian personal secretary, Father Edgard Rimaycuna, who is often seen at Leo’s side. A trusted adviser and close friend since the Pope’s early pastoral years in South America, Father Edgard, is thought of as one of Leo’s most loyal companions. PIZZA FOR POPE SURVIVED VAN BREAKDOWN, TSA SECURITY AND MORE DRAMA BEFORE FINALLY REACHING CATHOLIC LEADER Pope Leo XIV at Castel Gandolfo with his longtime personal secretary, Father Edgard Iván Rimaycuna Inga, who is expected to join him in the Apostolic Palace apartments. (Getty Images) "In my opinion, Leo is definitely different to Francis but not that different," Scaramuzzi added. "He is returning to the papal apartments, but not like a king." The shared living arrangement is said to reflect the community ethos of the Augustinians, the order of friars to which Leo belongs. The move also contrasts with Pope Francis, who said no to moving into the papal apartments when he was ordained in 2013, choosing instead a Vatican guesthouse . MORNING GLORY: POPE LEO XIV (AND PRESIDENT TRUMP) Inside the spacious papal apartments that Pope Leo XIV may soon call home. (Getty Images) The Apostolic Palace , where the apartment lies, dates back to the 15th century and also houses papal offices, museums and the Sistine Chapel. Italian media outlet La Repubblica reported this week that renovations to the apartment are ongoing. The 10-room suite, located on the palace’s third floor, has also undergone repairs for water infiltration and humidity after years of disuse. ILLINOIS TOWN MOVES TO SEIZE POPE LEO XIV'S CHILDHOOD HOME THROUGH EMINENT DOMAIN, CONVERT TO HISTORIC SITE One of the bedrooms inside the papal apartment, which Leo will share with four close companions. (Getty Images) The Vatican has remained "tight-lipped about the latest restructure," according to The Telegraph, though technicians have been at work for months. When Francis died in April, the papal apartments were sealed in a ritual before being reopened for renovation. Since then, Pope Leo has been living in the Sagrestia building near St. Peter’s Basilica. POPE LEO XIV INSPIRES OVER A MILLION YOUNG CATHOLICS AT ROME FAITH GATHERING Pope Leo speaks to crowds outside the Apostolic Palace in 2025, where his apartment is currently under renovation. (Getty Images) This isn’t the first time Leo XIV has opted for a modern touch. Born to a working-class immigrant family in Chicago , he grew up modestly before joining the priesthood. In 2024, he told Vatican News that he strives to stay grounded. "A bishop is not supposed to be a little prince sitting in his kingdom, but rather called authentically to be humble, to be close to the people he serves, to walk with them and to suffer with them," he said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Reaction to Leo’s move has been mixed online. Earlier this year, author James Martin wrote on X: "We need to trust Pope Leo’s discernment in this and all things — and wish him well in his new digs!" Greg Wehner is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Greg.Wehner@Fox.com and on Twitter @GregWehner.