19 Aug, 2025 12:24 Home Russia & FSU Russia hands over remains of 1,000 troops to Ukraine – Putin aide Moscow has received the bodies of 19 of its fallen soldiers from Kiev in return, Vladimir Medinsky has said FILE PHOTO: A convoy carrying the bodies of the Ukrainian servicemen. © Telegram / Vladimir Medinsky Moscow has returned the bodies of another 1,000 fallen Ukrainian soldiers, Russian presidential aide Vladimir Medinsky has said. Russia has received the remains of 19 of its soldiers from Ukraine in return, Medinsky, Moscow’s top negotiator during the talks with Kiev in Türkiye, wrote on Telegram on Tuesday. The bodies were returned to Kiev “in line with the Istanbul agreements,” he added. Ukraine's Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War confirmed that it had received the remains of 1,000 servicemen. The swap follows a summit on Friday between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his American counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, and the US president’s meetings in Washington on Monday with Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and Western European leaders, during which a possible settlement of the conflict between Moscow and Kiev was discussed. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump Moscow offered to repatriate the remains of over 6,000 of Kiev’s troops as a humanitarian gesture during the second round of talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations in Istanbul in early June. The promised number of bodies was transferred to Ukraine in the following weeks in several stages. Russia received the remains of 79 of its fallen soldiers in exchange. Putin announced later that Moscow was ready to return another 3,000 bodies to Kiev. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 22:37 Home Russia & FSU World’s first female nuclear icebreaker captain takes command Russia has appointed Marina Starovoytova to lead the Arctic vessel Yamal Russian icebreaker captain Marina Starovoytova. © Atomflot Russia has appointed the world’s first-ever female captain of a nuclear-powered icebreaker, state operator Atomflot announced on Wednesday. Marina Starovoytova will take command of the icebreaker Yamal, where she previously served as chief mate. “A captain’s duty is to care for the ship and its crew. I will devote myself to this task every day and look forward to honoring the trust my colleagues have placed in me,” Starovoytova said after receiving her captain’s badge. Before pursuing certification in ship navigation, she taught Russian language and literature at a rural school in western Russia. She has more than 20 years of experience on both commercial vessels and icebreakers. Russia is currently the only country operating a nuclear-powered icebreaker fleet, with its newest vessel launched last year. Interest in Arctic shipping is growing as melting sea ice makes navigation increasingly possible. Equipped with two nuclear reactors, the Yamal has helped transport researchers to floating ice and in 2000 made a voyage to the North Pole. The vessel is also recognizable by the distinctive shark jaw painted on its hull. The icebreaker Yamal undergoes maintenance at a shipyard in Murmansk, Russia, in 2021. © Kirill Kallinikov / Sputnik You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 19:16 Home Russia & FSU Ex-Russian MP accused of selling information to US for $45mn Magomed Gadzhiev sought foreign citizenship in exchange for sensitive data, the prosecutor’s office says FILE PHOTO: Magomed Gadzhiev. © The State Duma of the Federal Assembly A former Russian MP was paid $45 million from the US government after transferring secret information to the West, Russia’s General Prosecutor’s Office has said. In a statement on Wednesday cited by several Russian media outlets, the office said that Magomed Gadzhiev, who fled Russia in 2023 after the start of the Ukraine conflict, “expressed readiness to cooperate with Western intelligence services in exchange for foreign citizenship” of an unspecified country. It noted that the ex-MP received “at least $45 million” from unnamed American government agencies, adding that this was allegedly revealed by the US Department of Government Efficiency, formerly led by Elon Musk. The prosecutors, however, did not specify what information Gadzhiev had passed to the West. A court in the southern Russian region of Dagestan is seeking to designate Gadzhiev and members of his family “extremists” and nationalize his business enterprises and confiscate assets. Russian authorities have also accused him of publicly supporting Kiev and “discrediting” Russia’s armed forces, saying he declared abroad that he was ready to assist Ukraine’s backers. Details of the case have not been disclosed, including any potential penalties if the suspects are detained in Russia. In May 2023, the Justice Ministry designated Gadzhiev – who has also been expelled from the ruling United Russia party – a foreign agent, and a year later, he was put on a wanted list. Sergey Melikov, the head of Dagestan, called him a “coward and a traitor,” adding that the ex-MP was ready to “throw mud” at what was “dear” to his compatriots in exchange for an EU passport. Gadzhiev served in Russia’s tax authorities in senior roles before entering parliament and was a State Duma deputy from 2003 to 2021. Several Western media outlets claimed that despite his exile, the ex-MP “has managed to continue his luxurious lifestyle, with properties in both France and Miami.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 17:59 Home Russia & FSU ‘We lost several generations’ – Ukrainian MP on leaked docs Files accessed by hackers are said to show 1.7 million Ukrainian troops killed or missing since 2022 A Ukrainian MP has admitted the loss of “several generations” in the country's 3-year conflict with Russia. The comments from Ukrainian MP Artem Dmytruk follow reports that leaked military files indicate Kiev’s forces have lost more than 1.7 million troops – killed or missing – since 2022. Russian media outlets on Wednesday cited a digital card index allegedly acquired by hacker groups from Ukraine’s Chief of Staff said to contain names of dead or missing soldiers, details of their deaths, and personal data of their families. The entries suggested 118,500 troops were killed or went missing in 2022, 405,400 in 2023, 595,000 in 2024 and a record 621,000 so far this year. READ MORE: No European security without Russia – Lavrov Commenting on the reported losses, Dmytruk said: “The lists of the missing today contain more than a million people, and of course these people are most likely dead, while their families remain in complete ignorance. The situation is tragic, the situation is frightening.” He warned that villages had been emptied of men, including the elderly and disabled, and that Ukraine was facing “huge losses” and a “demographic crisis.” “We have lost several generations,” he said, urging peace on the grounds that both Ukrainians and Russians were dying. The reported figures far exceed official estimates. In February, Ukraine's Vladimir Zelensky told CBS News that 46,000 of his soldiers had been killed since 2022, alongside about 380,000 wounded – numbers questioned in Western media. Moscow has also claimed higher Ukrainian losses, putting the toll at more than 1 million killed or wounded as of early this year. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:01 © RT RTExclusive You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy