Featured Content Trump has bought more than $100m in bonds in office, disclosure shows Trump’s investments include Meta, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, and T-Mobile, according to filing. US Senator Bernie Sanders backs Trump plan for government stake in Intel Trump calls on Fed Gov Cook to resign over mortgage allegations Big box retailer Target names new CEO as business struggles China FM in Afghanistan, offers to deepen cooperation with Taliban rulers Trump has bought more than $100m in bonds in office, disclosure shows Trump’s investments include Meta, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, and T-Mobile, according to filing. US Senator Bernie Sanders backs Trump plan for government stake in Intel Trump calls on Fed Gov Cook to resign over mortgage allegations Big box retailer Target names new CEO as business struggles China FM in Afghanistan, offers to deepen cooperation with Taliban rulers EXPLAINER How will Trump’s semiconductor tariffs affect the global chip industry? The US president has threatened to impose a tariff of up to 300 percent on imports of semiconductors. Trump to raise steel and aluminium tariffs on hundreds of goods The new US tariffs covering 407 products will take effect immediately. Air Canada to resume operations after cabin crew strike ends While details of the agreement are not clear, the flight attendant union said that ‘unpaid work is over’. US wants equity stake in Intel for cash grants given under Biden Officials in US President Donald Trump’s administration made comments saying the equity stake was not to run the firm. Trump administration threatens to cut New York transit funds over safety The US Department of Transportation has given the MTA 30 days to come up with a plan to address transit worker safety. Photos: Entire church moved in Sweden’s Kiruna city for mine expansion The relocation of the 113-year-old church is part of a 30-year project to move about 3,000 homes in the city. This gallery article has 7 images 7 UK agrees to drop mandate for Apple ‘back door’, US spy chief says Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard says change upholds privacy of US users. MSNBC reveals new name as part of corporate divorce from NBC The US TV network has also been building its own news division separate from NBC News. Air Canada CEO says ‘amazed’ striking workers are disregarding work order A leader for the striking union says he would risk jail time rather than allow crew to be forced back to work. EXPLAINER Republicans say price report is a boon; Democrats say bust. Who’s right? Republicans highlight the positives, Democrats the negatives in latest US CPI report; experts say the data is mixed.