1380 England has surrendered, without a single shot fired in defense. posted 16 hours ago by KuzoKevin 324 comments Radio Europe @RadioEuropes • 1d 🚨🇬🇧BREAKING NEWS In response to the ‘Raise the Colours’ campaign by British patriots, Pakistani migrants across the UK have started removing Union Jack flags and raising the Pakistan flag. 324 comments SCHULTZ 208 points 16 hours ago idiots gave up their guns permalink Formerlurker92 115 points 16 hours ago It will make taking their country back harder, but not impossible. permalink KuzoKevin OP 90 points 16 hours ago Agreed. Civil wars are likely across Europe. permalink DaninElkhart 39 points 16 hours ago Maybe all the refugees can be sent for resettlement to a truly enlightened and humanitarian nation: Israel. permalink StayoutOfit 14 points 16 hours ago Sounds fair. permalink view 5 more comments... DarthEP 7 points 14 hours ago I'll Second The Motion. permalink Zacktopia33 4 points 15 hours ago Lots of room in the Negev. Even more, however, in South Sudan. permalink view 4 more comments... realPhantomFuck 16 points 16 hours ago I got my Western European tour in last winter. I spent 30 days and visited seven countries. Bad, bad, bad times are ahead for Europe. If you want to get a trip in, you better do it within the next five years--it'll be unrecognizable soon permalink FrenOrFoe 8 points 15 hours ago Better do it within the next five WEEKS Starting October 12, 2025, non-EU citizens entering the Schengen Area will be subject to fingerprinting and facial recognition as part of the new Entry/Exit System (EES). permalink view 2 more comments... Bazhosh 3 points 16 hours ago Where were you and what did you see? permalink view 5 more comments... America_No_1 5 points 16 hours ago Its already begun just not declared yet in formality. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 15 hours ago One side is definitely fighting. permalink LordKuroTheGreat 5 points 15 hours ago At this point we can only hope. The alternative is far worse. permalink KekistanPM 4 points 15 hours ago The citizens will be fighting Islam and their own government. But I repeat myself. permalink Owmyballz 28 points 16 hours ago Not really. 86.9% of Britains military are white. SOO... they don't have to worry about police being armed to fight back. They won't be able to get whites to kill whites for pakistani rape gangs. They'll try but too many Brits are done with this shit. permalink madeaprofilejustforu 24 points 15 hours ago They got whites to arrest whites for not wearing masks, for speaking out online, for telling foreigners to speak English and for not ‘avin a loicense. They’ve been priming whites to arrest whites for not wanting to be raped and murdered by foreign invaders for years and I’m not nearly as sure as you are they won’t do it with a smile in the name of muh tolerance. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 14 points 15 hours ago White traitors in America would LOVE to murder White patriots. I'm sure its no different with the UK's commie scum. permalink DarthEP 6 points 14 hours ago In A Choice Between Their Pensions & Fellow Britons: They Choose Pension, Every Single Time Which Is Funny, Because The Foreigners Will Just Cancel The Pensioner's Benefits, When They Get More Power; "Whoops, No Money Left After Importing The Migrants!" permalink view 2 more comments... Silentbutdeadly 9 points 15 hours ago I don’t know…have you seen what’s been happening? They put up with being sent to jail for criticizing the invaders. They put up with their girls being raped while the turd world rapists go free. England is lost. permalink Owmyballz 3 points 15 hours ago Brits are going through muslim controlled city countries and putting up the english flag and the union jack flag up all over pissing on the mudlsimes. They are primed for a fight and the mudslimes at 6.4% of England, that's it. They are dead if blows are thrown. permalink view 4 more comments... borisborscht 6 points 15 hours ago How much of a shithead can you be The military will not be fighting on the side of the people, they will fight for the royals and slaughter their countrymen. permalink Vag2024 5 points 15 hours ago Exactly. The Muslims know what they're doing.. They get into elected positions that give them control over the police and the military Unless they're forced out it can't change Japan knows what's up.. Islam is banned in Japan. The Quran is banned in Japan. The presching of Islam banned Muslims can't hold public office Can't get citizenship We can talk all day about freedom and liberty but at the end of the day Japan understood that there was an existential threat to their very existence and that Islam is not like other religions and cultures permalink view 2 more comments... RationalThought 4 points 12 hours ago "let us wait until their population is 80% of the Country and then we will fight back." I wonder how much sense that makes to all the people that say "the Whites will fight back"? If it was going to happen it would have happened long ago. permalink yodayoda 2 points 8 hours ago this permalink Owmyballz 0 points 11 hours ago They weren't raping and slitting childrens throats back then, now they are. Times a changin. permalink view 1 more comments... EvilGreed209 2 points 13 hours ago In the meantime the ragheads are having 4 to 6 kids on the taxpayer whos struggling to maybe afford 1 kid when he's near 40 but by then the street shitters will have an army of their kids. permalink trumpORbust 7 points 16 hours ago Spork'em until they bleed permalink Vag2024 1 points 15 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink DogFacedPepeSoldier 5 points 16 hours ago Their ancestors made weapons of war out of farming implements and marched on the king. The blood is weak but it's still there for now. permalink Saxonlady 3 points 15 hours ago If anyone wants to break into my home after ignoring my locked gate and barking dogs, my garden tool is by the front door. Wooden handled with brass 'bristles'. My fury will do the rest. Best this old gal can do. permalink AussieTrumpFan 3 points 12 hours ago As someone from a nation with a similarly constructed legal system, you need to be REAL careful with this setup. A slimy lawyer will have no trouble attributing intent to the positioning of the garden equipment, and the Crown will quite happily allow it. We had an attempted break-in one night while we were at home. The very first item I laid hands on (completely innocently) was a machete with a good couple of kilos of steel in the blade. There was a valid reason for why it was where it was. The moment I picked it up for defence and my life wasn't in danger in that instant, it attracted intent. Now, in the moment I didn't care. Once the threat had diminished, I dropped the machete and resumed an unarmed state. Sadly, our criminal systems lack the sort of Castle doctrine and stand-your-ground protections that exist in various places in the US, and we should be prepared to be put through the legal system in any case of justified self-defence. I do agree with your position, though. If a threat has made an effort to intentionally overcome several barriers to entry, and ignored warnings, then they pose a level of threat that justifies a physical response. permalink view 2 more comments... Newhawk237 2 points 12 hours ago This. It's only surrender if they stop protesting and putting their flags back up. permalink Appeal2Heaven98 27 points 16 hours ago All the EU countries with the "GuNs KiLl PeOpLe" schtick are now bringing in radical people to take them over, and the citizens have no viable way of defending themselves. permalink Froynlavenfroynlaven 12 points 16 hours ago Citizens have cars, knives, they can make bombs... permalink madeaprofilejustforu 8 points 15 hours ago The Irish have entered the chat permalink Dangerous 8 points 15 hours ago The Ireland situation is the most infuriating. Fought an ethno religious war against Anglo protestants for 100+ years only to invite far more alien ethno religious supremacists into their nation with open arms less than 20 years after The people, while more angsty against this plot than other European populations have been, are still way too docile compared to how they treated the English well into the 80-90's permalink view 1 more comments... MiyamotoHolliday 4 points 15 hours ago Lockpick, night vision, and a roofing hammer. Everyone responsible has an address. permalink Classygasoline 2 points 14 hours ago All by design permalink DarthEP 1 points 14 hours ago All According To Plan. permalink Deep_Croak 13 points 16 hours ago Well over 200 years later we are still proven right. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 15 hours ago Perhaps we should take our own advice before our nation falls. permalink BoomShtick 7 points 16 hours ago Sword shield and flail, drive the shitskins into the sea permalink jml1997 4 points 15 hours ago So what, we have somewhat similar stuff going on here and the guns are cold. permalink sofntired 1 points 9 hours ago Exactly, not only that but you have people on the so called right defending the invasion as long as it's done legally. permalink FusionBlack 85 points 16 hours ago If the White House doesn't make a statement on this soon no attention to this will be brought. Damn shame. This country has nukes. permalink Formerlurker92 49 points 16 hours ago First nuclear armed Muslim nation is England. Wouldn't have guessed that. Especially since Iran has been 2 months from the bomb since 1981 Edit: I was trying to throw in an Iran joke and did not summarize geopolitics accurately. For that i am sorry. But not very sorry. I will also do it again in the future permalink Fingerbang 40 points 16 hours ago Pakistan and India both have nukes..and France lol permalink KornHoLi0 24 points 16 hours ago Pakistan already has nukes. permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 14 hours ago Yes, but what about second nukes? permalink DarthEP 4 points 14 hours ago And Elevensies? permalink peterthegreen 10 points 16 hours ago Pakistan joined the club during the Clinton Regime. https://www.ebsco.com/research-starters/power-and-energy/pakistan-nuclear-weapons-program permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 7 points 15 hours ago And yet the same people screaming about Iran having nukes are oddly silent on Pakistani goatfuckers having nukes. permalink FusionBlack 6 points 16 hours ago This is a concern. It would be the first western nation to fall to Islam in modern times. It's not that far fetched. permalink Seeker_17 10 points 15 hours ago I'm not sure. Places like Belgium, Sweden, Germany and France are off even worse. My bet is on Germany as they are totally brainwashed and being called a nazi is even worse than death. They won't fight back. permalink FusionBlack 5 points 15 hours ago They still live with the ww2 guilt. permalink sofntired 1 points 9 hours ago They would fight back if they wouldn't be killed by the government for trying. Trust me I'm sure there are plenty that would love to kill every invader down to the last newborn. You underestimate the visceral hate that invasion breeds among normal well adjusted men. permalink john9985 3 points 16 hours ago 100%… First Nation we have consistently allied with to have nukes and our tech permalink FusionBlack 5 points 16 hours ago The sun is truly setting on the English empire. permalink view 1 more comments... BallotsOnRubysUSB 2 points 16 hours ago ︎ Sure Pakistan already has them. But you only need a couple of Pakies in the Army to blow one up in the majority White England for Islam and kill a 100,000 infidels. ︎ permalink FatigueIsReal 5 points 15 hours ago What statement? Sorry for all the retards? "The video shows the Pakistani consulate in Glasgow raising the Pakistani flag in their own courtyard for Pakistan's Independence Day. This is standard practice. No Union Jacks were replaced." permalink SpellingContable 1 points 3 hours ago Hahahahahahaha. This is great. You forgot "Readers Added Context." for more context permalink terribletwos 5 points 16 hours ago Still too early, but at some point Trump or whoever should be telling the actual British that we'll be sending them guns to fight back. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 5 points 16 hours ago ︎ Air drop guns wrapped in paper soaked pig lard. Keeps them from rusting AND out of the hands of the muzziэs. ︎ permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 14 hours ago JD put out a tweet or truth within the last week or so citing our own national security interests in relation to the fact that these countries have nukes. I've been raising this since like 2016. permalink FusionBlack 2 points 14 hours ago The only way the UK will survive is the take over by thier military. permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 1 points 14 hours ago Most of us were saying this during the Biden maladministration, but we caught a break with the 2024 election. If the Brits catch a break their claw back is gonna be tougher. permalink vongregormench 1 points 15 hours ago They won’t, because this didn’t happen. permalink Formerlurker92 53 points 16 hours ago Do you feel strong enough yet England? Are you sufficiently enriched? permalink bigdickhangsright 14 points 15 hours ago The can't speak with a ballgag in their mouths. permalink covok48 1 points 12 hours ago DAMN, lol. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 15 hours ago DIEversity is our stronk! permalink PapaPepe 39 points 16 hours ago Why the fuck is every tweet now BREAKING with a siren? permalink NoahGav 25 points 16 hours ago We live in 🚨 BREAKING times. permalink yodayoda 2 points 8 hours ago BREAKING: i just took a dump. permalink vongregormench 9 points 15 hours ago Breaking fake news. We found a clip and added incorrect context to make you angry. More fake breaking news alerts to come. permalink Metriz77 1 points 9 hours ago Exactly. That’s why GROK is invaluable on X it will give you the context and reality. Most of these posts are rage bait to sell some app. This vid was taken at an Pakistan embassy in GLASGOW during their Independence Day. I presume we do the same across the world. There is more than enough factual info on UK immigration vs making up rage bait permalink terribletwos 5 points 16 hours ago Chatgpt. permalink Prandogolio 4 points 15 hours ago Because we are psychologically addicted to a ten-minute news cycle, and we have been conditioned to get excited when we see those images and words. It's sad. permalink theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 14 hours ago 🚨 Next time, use the siren with your comment! And make whatever you say out-of-context, that way, when someone else takes your original, out-of-context comment out-of-context, it will be really fucked up. 🚨 permalink terribletwos 34 points 16 hours ago This is actually a good thing. This is the escalation the British want. Because it's telling the British in no uncertain terms that they're invaded and being taken over. There's no more subversion happening. This should start the escalation to what needs to happen, which is the British removing the invaders by any means necessary. permalink Arwen777 10 points 15 hours ago I pray that happens for them soon. permalink Psarg 2 points 8 hours ago A large chunk of Britain will cheer the takeover on. permalink Easzq8 2 points 7 hours ago None of this would be possible without progressive Leftists. Those same people you speak of are amassed here as well. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 31 points 16 hours ago This might be the proverbial straw breaking the camels back. permalink Fingerbang 51 points 16 hours ago You mean little English girls getting groomed and raped wasn't enough? permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 23 points 16 hours ago Apparently not. This is right in peoples faces though... not hidden in someone else's neighborhood. It has a better chance at moving people in real time. permalink bigdickhangsright 5 points 15 hours ago I truly believe the British patriots should start with the police first. Then go after the politicians, letting those who want to flee do so. Next go full Vlad on the remaining enemies permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 5 points 15 hours ago That is a very reasonable approach. Unfortunately, you've left an elephant in the room. The Military. permalink view 1 more comments... 4886Battery 2 points 13 hours ago The rampant rape of children was only hidden from view by those who held their hands over their eyes, which was apparently most of the English. Raped pre-teens were handed to their rapist Paki "friends" by the police, for F's sake. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 1 points 13 hours ago Some crimes are so shocking that they catch good people flat footed. Between not wanting to believe it could be true, to the outright gaskighting that media and politicians put forward.... I can understand why Justice has not been served. I'm not downplaying anything... I'm accepting reality and looking for more opportunities to find Justice. I'm not dooming on the past. permalink Froynlavenfroynlaven 3 points 16 hours ago It's easy to be unaware if you're not paying closer attention. Not like BBC news will make the rapes a lead story. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 15 hours ago It was the low class brits who suffered so of course nothing was done. permalink FatigueIsReal 4 points 15 hours ago If only it were true. "The video shows the Pakistani consulate in Glasgow raising the Pakistani flag in their own courtyard for Pakistan's Independence Day. This is standard practice. No Union Jacks were replaced." permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 3 points 15 hours ago Ahhh. I see it was added as a community note. If that really is an isolated event, taking place on Pakistani soil in The UK... well, then it is a nothingburger... which is good. permalink FatigueIsReal 3 points 15 hours ago Head on a swivel pede. The mods are retarded. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 1 points 15 hours ago Shit moves fast. I'm easy on the mods... they are human(I hope) Reality corrects itself. I appreciate the help, Fren. permalink SpaceWizard 4 points 14 hours ago Let it be so permalink lovekeylime 26 points 15 hours ago Has anybody opened the app and read the “ readers added context?” (Cut and pasted) The video shows the Pakistani consulate in Glasgow raising the Pakistani flag in their own courtyard for Pakistan's Independence Day. This is standard practice. No Union Jacks were replaced. https://www.reuters.com/fact-check/flag-raising-pakistani-consulate-uk-shared-misleading-posts-about-islamic-2025-08-18/ Glasgow is in Scotland. I agree the UK has a problem but this might not be the best example to share. permalink vongregormench 16 points 15 hours ago Hundreds of angry comments and no one is slightly curious if it’s authentic. permalink FatigueIsReal 10 points 15 hours ago I think we've replaced our autists with actual fucking retards. permalink sordfysh PRO 4 points 14 hours ago The old autists were like DiCaprio in What's Eating Gilbert Grape. The recent autists are Tom Hanks in Forrest Gump. The newbies who never knew anything other than sloppy fake autists are complacent, but the rest of us know true masterful autism and just get frustrated by the lack of effort and the praise from the sheeple regardless. permalink FatigueIsReal 4 points 14 hours ago Nail on the head. Nice allegory as well. Haha. permalink VoteThing 1 points 13 hours ago This particular story is not authentic, but the authorities actually are taking down the flags. permalink stagolee 6 points 15 hours ago Stupid phones...On PC the context is right there in the linked the post. The mobile link ought to have that so this sort of bullshit doesn't happen. permalink Godan 3 points 14 hours ago First thing I do with every link on this site, verify it. 95% of users here don't. permalink TrumpShadow 16 points 16 hours ago Mass migration is a bioweapon designed to genocide whites. Wake up whites. Stop helping brown people who hate you. permalink Arwen777 4 points 15 hours ago There are still so many self loathing whites out there, usually women or cuck boy faggots. And I say this as a white woman. Most modern white women are an absolute embarrassment. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 15 hours ago The White race either wakes up NOW or our nations and people will be destroyed. The hour is late and we are in far deeper trouble than most want to admit. permalink sofntired 2 points 9 hours ago the core problem is the government , no amount of "waking up" can change the reality that any action is suicide. permalink Arwen777 1 points 15 hours ago I know but too many are still too brainwashed about "white guilt". It was shoved down our throats so much our entire lives in basically every aspect of life. It still is now. Just the fact that they can have a "blacks only" dating show but couldn't DARE have a whites only dating show, shows that the goal is to eliminate the white race. We aren't allowed to have our own networks like a WET. We can't have our own dating sites or anything and it's infuriating! We should be allowed to have places where white people can meet and date each other and form relationships. We need to encourage whites to marry and form families and to be PROUD of their culture and heritage! No more white guilt! The average white needs to be forced to watch informative videos on how much browns actually do hate us and how they have zero respect for us yet love to leech off of us. I'm SO sick of self loathing whites! Who cares if these assholes think we are racist or not? They have overused that word so much that now being called racist is a compliment! permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 15 hours ago All excellent points. One critique: please capitalize White in the future and encourage others to do so as well. Every other race is now capitalized by the MSM. It may seem like a tiny, inconsequential thing, but it's a small step forward because it's a personal action with intention. permalink view 1 more comments... airborne3502 12 points 16 hours ago This better lead to a scrum. permalink CommieCucker 5 points 16 hours ago lol i said to my buddy the other day, i can't believe the soccer hooligans aren't clashing with them yet permalink angryrhino83 5 points 16 hours ago I think at this point all the hooligans are already in jail for things like mean tweets and insensitive Facebook posts permalink CommieCucker 2 points 16 hours ago yeah you're right, i forgot their response to the grooming gangs and no-go zones was to hire a bunch of fat 50 year old women to arrest people for complaining about it permalink sofntired 3 points 9 hours ago I don't know about typical british soccer hooliganry but I feel 50 man machete skirmishes might be a bit more than they're used to having to contend with permalink Arwen777 10 points 16 hours ago This is absolutely disgusting. I remember arguing with a friend of mine who lives in Britian years ago about guns. He said he was Anti gun but I put him in his place right away lol. I asked him how he as a man could even dare to tell women that they couldn't carry a Gun to defend themselves from rapists and attackers. I myself am a woman so he did suddenly feel pretty stupid. That was years ago and he has changed his views on a lot of things. Societies that give up their weapons might as well lick the assholes of their conquerors. Sorry to be graphic bit it's true. permalink vongregormench 3 points 15 hours ago It’s not real permalink RedPillosopher1776 8 points 16 hours ago Violence or death, its your choice brit fags. permalink borisborscht 8 points 16 hours ago 1.3 billion indians vs 75 million brits permalink FatigueIsReal 3 points 15 hours ago Only 20-30% of Indians are part of the military caste, Kshatriya. So like 300 million vs 75 million. permalink sofntired 2 points 9 hours ago Main problem is the British military would be against the brits. permalink Tombstone2W 1 points 12 hours ago Have you seen them? Our people have endured crisis and hardship for millenia. Within our DNA is the resolve to conquer. Awaken that and i don't care how many pajeets we're up against. permalink FatigueIsReal 2 points 12 hours ago Correct. Western men are the OG barbarian hordes. permalink Tombstone2W 1 points 12 hours ago Ghengis Khan had red hair. The Aryans of 4000 years ago completely conquered the subcontinent. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 15 hours ago I'm betting on the Irish, Scots, Welsh and English. They all know how to use the toilet. permalink SteelDriver 8 points 16 hours ago After all the Confederate Battle Flag brouhaha, that shit better not happen here. permalink Fingerbang 8 points 16 hours ago It is, in lots of places. Minnesota, Michigan, NY, CA, even Texas is planning Sharia towns permalink FusionBlack 6 points 16 hours ago It will come a time to stamp it out. That or die. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 15 hours ago Tick tock. The hour is already late. permalink sofntired 1 points 9 hours ago Islam is far from the only problem. permalink sofntired 3 points 9 hours ago Look at the portion of nonhispanic whites under 30 are left in the US. not only has it happened, we're further down the pipeline, the only difference is our invaders are less unified but they are all problems and attacking us from different sectors of life. permalink FredRedd 8 points 16 hours ago "England has surrendered, without a single shot being fired in defense." Just call them France from now on. permalink ohwell316 6 points 16 hours ago First thing conquerors do permalink magapatriot_pa 6 points 16 hours ago The country so great, that everyone from there would rather die than live there permalink stars 6 points 15 hours ago Read the community note, this was at a consulate. permalink vongregormench 5 points 15 hours ago It’s the Pakistani embassy. It has a community note right at the top. permalink me-no-likely3 5 points 16 hours ago Look at the community note. Why is this posted here, and why is it pinned? Is it because we are retarded? permalink vongregormench 3 points 15 hours ago Yes. This site is massively retarded. At least once a day I find something totally made up pinned here. permalink Prandogolio 2 points 15 hours ago Yes. Mods gave up on quality information in favor of rage-clicks permalink FatigueIsReal 4 points 15 hours ago 100% permalink al-phabitz89 5 points 15 hours ago Jesus Christ. Non of you retards bothered to read the community notes? permalink KuzoKevin OP 3 points 15 hours ago They were not there when I posted, and the sentiment remains the same. permalink vongregormench 2 points 15 hours ago It’s not the same. It might be overrun with Indians and Pakistanis but the context of Pakistanis raising their own flag in place of the Union Jack is massively different and would signify brazen open invasion. permalink Beardholder 1 points 12 hours ago JESUS CHRIST will be coming back to slaughter these evil men. All people who deny him and do wickedly. And this treason which is a form of wickedness permalink redditadminssuckit 3 points 15 hours ago EXECUTE EVERY TRAITOR permalink TheRPatriot 3 points 16 hours ago This is the definition of fucking insanity. As an American I am appalled for my British brethren permalink Phredd23 3 points 15 hours ago Why the fuck is this fake news stickied? Do better. Fuck sake permalink Prandogolio 3 points 15 hours ago What do you mean? Help us out *Oh I see now. Kuzo and mods are gay permalink BoomShtick 3 points 16 hours ago "….the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the Old" Not this time, you eurocucks better figure this shit out fast. permalink Tyscribz 3 points 16 hours ago where's a crusade when you really need one? permalink killacommieformommy 3 points 16 hours ago Not a shot fired here either. When they rape and kill your kids daily, rape and kill your wives daily, push troons on your children in schools and libraries daily, push the death shot, force your business closed, not allow you to visit your dying relatives during covid. How many paki mayors do we have, how many muslim mayors, politicians?... Before you whine about me, I'm old as fuck, served in some jew proxy Marine Corps I never knew I was. We didn't have internet, just Walter Cronkite “That’s the way it is.” permalink sofntired 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink SamuraiCrown 3 points 14 hours ago "Radio Europe" is stupid fucking rage bait No Union Jacks were replaced, it's literally the Pakistani consulate in Glasgow raising the Pakistani flag in their own courtyard for Pakistan's Independence Day permalink try4gain 3 points 16 hours ago "England has surrendered" dont write doomer loser post titles. extremely low energy bordering on subversive. permalink EthnoEuro 3 points 16 hours ago I often wonder if these people have no shame at all? I could never imagine going to a foreign country doing this shit. Stay the fuck in pakistan if you love it more than the UK permalink JBlaze056 3 points 15 hours ago Lulz at community notes exposing the rage-bait grifters once again. permalink s7oc7on 2 points 13 hours ago Take it down and burn it permalink CommieCucker 2 points 16 hours ago this would start a full on fracas where i am from permalink mlp67 2 points 14 hours ago Oh, this will not end well permalink stagolee 2 points 15 hours ago This is at the pakistani consulate. permalink asdrubael_was_right 2 points 15 hours ago This is at the Pakistani consulate in Glasgow. I hate the sheep fuckers as much as the next guy but it’s an embassy flying its nations flag. permalink DalmatianTurtle 2 points 11 hours ago Set them on fire. With a flaming arrow. And their little book, too. That'll send a message. permalink malooch 2 points 15 hours ago This was at their consulate but yeah fuck them for being in England anyway go away permalink SpaceWizard 2 points 14 hours ago Rip that shit down wtf permalink hisnamewasjeffTwo 2 points 16 hours ago This might be an unpopular opinion here but.. i don't care about European countries falling. I hope things fall further, someone needs to see the reality of what happens when you let leftist ideologies run rampant. permalink stars 1 points 15 hours ago White Americans are Europeans and we have already seen the fall in states like California which have become minority White. permalink Tartakovsky 2 points 16 hours ago Faggots. They mock us for clinging to our guns, religion, and family values while handing their country over to invaders that rape and murder their women and desecrate their country and culture. I’ll never respect the Brits ever again. Brits that died in WW2 are rolling over in their graves. permalink stars 1 points 15 hours ago White America is in a far worse demographic position than any European nation. permalink Bramage 2 points 15 hours ago Are there not any real MEN left in the UK to take back their country from the communists? permalink Aoikaze2000 2 points 14 hours ago And this is why I refer to Englad as the Islamic Caliphate of Britannistan permalink dtrap 2 points 15 hours ago So what is true? This post or the community note? This place is turning into a rage bait fest. permalink Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 16 hours ago And here I thought France was the country best known for surrendering... permalink Aurora84 2 points 16 hours ago They are so pathetic. I get that the whole country is against you but there has to come a point where you fight back... Not the case with the brits, and honestly i couldnt care less. permalink TonyTheSlop 2 points 13 hours ago We aren’t far behind at the rate things have gone. look at those videos from Dearborn. permalink Double_D 2 points 16 hours ago Is the community note accurate? permalink KuzoKevin OP 1 points 16 hours ago I don't know. It wasn't there when I posted. permalink Urlaz 2 points 14 hours ago The red coats were feared around the globe in the past, I hope our uk allies can get their shit together and clean house. permalink Hikedelics 2 points 14 hours ago I love it when they do something so incredibly stupid to make our jobs easier. This is way worse than the ICE protestors carrying Mexican flags a few months ago, and even then the retarded communists were like “noooo!!! Stop!!! That’s making us look bad!!” permalink Testamernt 2 points 7 hours ago They have no pride left. permalink cptkloss5 2 points 14 hours ago violence, extreme violence is their only chance. heh who'd have thought that... permalink Treefiddydiddy 2 points 14 hours ago with this shit heating up maybe they'll finally get around to starting the reconquista permalink BigMikesChef 2 points 11 hours ago Burn that thing. permalink HoganP 2 points 16 hours ago Stupid cucks. permalink NineteenEightyFour 2 points 9 hours ago This whole raise the flag movement is pathetic. These savage animals are gang raping British children and the response of these feckless cowards who call themselves men in the UK is to raise a fucking flag. At this point the British deserve whatever they get. permalink conservatarian 1 points 16 hours ago Wondering what will come of September 13. permalink neveser 1 points 15 hours ago US should be arming Brits and aiding in their fight to take back their country. Fuck ukraine. permalink ProudAmerican84 1 points 16 hours ago Fuck mooslims permalink new_guy2 1 points 14 hours ago Well, the union jack is racist. permalink LegalAlien1776 1 points 16 hours ago Try that shit here dirt permalink Damaged_Dirk 1 points 15 hours ago They want this. permalink NickAtNight 1 points 12 hours ago that is good news. should wake up more people. permalink Kifflom 1 points 7 hours ago Sure, maybe it will wake up more people so that they suffer even more by knowing what is happening. “without a shot fired” means that Britain lacked a way to stop it & SQUANDERED all the MONEY YOU TAXPAYED THEM. They could not stop the insane pedo rapist people from raising THEIR flag in ANOTHER COUNTRY, BY NOT ONLY CARRYING IT, THEY LOWERED THE COUNTRY’S OWN FLAG & FUCKING REPLACED IT WITH THE RAPELAND FLAG. WHAT THE FUCK? permalink JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 13 hours ago Who could even fire a shot if they wanted?! permalink RedCapNation 1 points 14 hours ago Shoot on site Or just hang them in the street permalink mateus 1 points 15 hours ago The UK is, as they say, cooked. permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 8 hours ago Durk durka deee dandan daaa Ooh bunda klyde a laa durka dee da doo allah permalink Albo22 1 points 15 hours ago Batshit insane wtf happened to UK permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 16 hours ago Allowing the enemy to Reveal themselves. permalink Seeker_17 1 points 15 hours ago Civil war is inevitable. They came here to conquer Christian lands as part of their mandatory jihad. permalink ACActual 1 points 9 hours ago Civil War might come sooner than anyone thinks permalink freedom-thinker 1 points 15 hours ago Wake me up when their revolution starts, if ever. permalink greenroomsh 1 points 11 hours ago Needs to be some serious a$$whoopin's being delivered BY our Limey cousins across the pond to some politicians in the UK government! permalink henri_derelicte 1 points 15 hours ago And despite V for Vendetta being a work of fiction, I can now see how White Britons could come to support the Norsefire party permalink Surfsup 1 points 13 hours ago That's a warcry. Open fucking season. permalink PeteButtplug 1 points 9 hours ago Their only hope is that pajeets are fucking retarded. permalink MAGA1773 1 points 12 hours ago Haha you got cucked. permalink Yheymos 1 points 15 hours ago Deport every single person of Pakistani origin. All of them and their descendants. Revoke citizenship for their children. Remove ALL the Middle Eastern goatrapists. Give them 1 year to leave willingly, if they don't, open season, shoot on sight. These people do not belong in the Western world. Those who allowed it should be put on trial for crimes against humanity and given the ultimate consequence. permalink BirthHole 1 points 15 hours ago Should be 'rounded up and shipped one fucking way right back to the land of the flag they raise.. Stay tuned for the next installment of 'things that will never happen'. permalink 1_Badcop 1 points 12 hours ago Kill. Them. All. permalink ZacPetkanas 1 points 13 hours ago "Raise the colours" isn't about raising the Union Jack, it's about raising the flag of England (St. George's flag). permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 13 hours ago Just lower the English flag that country is gone, raise a white flag in its place and stop embarrassing the old brits. permalink Xahnel 1 points 3 hours ago Community noted permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 1 points 14 hours ago Good. This is the necessary next step. Now we'll see what the Brits are really made of. permalink Beardholder 1 points 12 hours ago I'm telling you if you Brits don't fucking start mass executions of these triators you deserve to be punished and become slaves . permalink WanderingStar 1 points 15 hours ago US Citizens: Affix bayonets! permalink patriotplus 1 points 13 hours ago they will wake up one day and take their country back with vengeance permalink Jappletime 1 points 5 hours ago Hell No permalink Bldg_2019 1 points 15 hours ago The British burned down the White House and attempted to burn down the capitol during the WO 1812. Zero fucks given about this. Go burn down Buckingham next, ragheads. permalink stars 0 points 15 hours ago After we declared war first. permalink Bldg_2019 1 points 15 hours ago Continued British efforts to eliminate the existence of the US and reverse the Revolutionary War was the “declaration of war”, eurocuck. It’s great watching them be humiliated. They’re no friend of America. permalink stars 0 points 14 hours ago They can say the same to us for example the 2020 summer of love, shitlib domination of universities, our senile clown of a president from 2021-2025 etc. White Americans are Europeans, no more brother wars. permalink Bldg_2019 0 points 14 hours ago Eiurofaggots can say whatever they want. Their opinions don’t mean a fucking thing. They are an enemy of anything resembling freedom. This includes Canada. We left Europe over 400 years ago for a reason. It sucks. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 1 points 13 hours ago What a shitty song. permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 16 hours ago Today in Canada, they took down the Canadian Flag at the Prime Minsiter's Residence. They raised the LGBTQ flag in its place. At the same time, the mayor of Canada's largest city was giving Anti-Trump and Anti-Maga speeches. permalink Prandogolio 1 points 15 hours ago Minnesota changed their state flag to the Somalian flag permalink GreyKnight 1 points 15 hours ago I look forward to what the idiot leftist will say this time… permalink Dangerous 1 points 15 hours ago without a shot fired No, that the Brits were shooting lots and lots, at the wrong enemy, 80 years ago has become common consensus understanding at this point permalink DadsTastyHouse 1 points 13 hours ago kill em all permalink ScoobyDum 1 points 16 hours ago Weak cuntry is weak lol lol permalink MJPalazzolo 1 points 11 hours ago The Plan (pre and post jab): First, foment the death and destruction of jab-weakened Caucasians and their civilizations via third world un-jabbed invaders. Then, while safely tucked away in their Caucasion paid and built protective citadels ("bunkers"), unleash a lethal pandemic engineered to kill the invaders and remaining Caucasians. Then, when safe to emerge, finally build the technocratic and totalitarian New World Order of their dreams via robotics and selective reproductive transhumanism. When? Beginning in the year 2030. Unless We, the People exterminate the motherfuckers first. permalink 1True-translation 1 points 16 hours ago That's the kind of shit that needs to happen to wake these liberal crumpet buttering, cucumber sandwich eating, loicence monkeys the fuck up. permalink 4886Battery 1 points 14 hours ago I used to enjoy England, one of my favorite countries to visit and work in, I've been there probably fifty times in my life and lived there on work assignments a few times for months at a time. That was more than a decade ago and I've been back twice since, each time it was worse, much worse, in every regard. I don't even want to think about the good times and friends I've made there because immediately I'm smacked in the face with the reality that the English sat there and did nothing while tens of thousands, or more, of their children were systematically hooked on narcotics for the purpose of gang rape. It's not just the few cities most often mentioned, it's all over, it's anywhere there are Pakistan or Africans, they proudly view the English girls as capable without consequences. It's not just girls, also boys as well as adult women, they have zero fear and even less by way of morals and humanity. I've read too many testimonials and investigations that were quietly hidden from the public to ever forget what they did and continue to do, as well as what the English did not do and continue to ignore. England is dead to me. permalink Shibbs70 1 points 15 hours ago This sort of thng is EARNED not given. These sorry British cucks... but without Trump, we'd be next. permalink lispboy 1 points 13 hours ago They want civil war. permalink patriotplus 1 points 13 hours ago wait until they throw the king off his throne and install a raghead, then things will get interesting permalink JohnCawktoastin 1 points 7 hours ago Strategic targets that get the job done would be useful. Head of the snake and what not. permalink canada_is_communist 1 points 15 hours ago Good. I say give pakistanis a chance. They cant do worse, really permalink MythArcana 1 points 16 hours ago Might as well raise the dead while they're at it, because that will be the result for everyone if they continue this bullshit. permalink treadelsewhere 1 points 14 hours ago I don't know what this is asking for besides another crusade. As gay as England is, even they will only take so much permalink IllKissYourBoobies 1 points 14 hours ago Community Noted permalink stillbringingitback 1 points 3 hours ago Deport. Get guns. End Bank of England. Expel who nose who. Problem solved. permalink dumbcomputerguy 1 points 15 hours ago pretty sure you do that to people to show you own their asses now. the empire should have greased them all before they left. too bad the pox isnt strong enough to wipe those filthy buggers out. permalink FatBeagleMars 1 points 2 hours ago Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles with Nuclear Warheads have been captured without firing a shot. permalink gurlzpettinsqwerlz 1 points 16 hours ago Wait a minute I thought it was the Indians that took over are we about to have India versus Pakistan in London? permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 12 hours ago NEVER GIVE UP YOUR ARMS permalink NinjaFish 1 points 9 hours ago Definition of an invasion permalink NinjaFish 1 points 9 hours ago If Americans started moving into Mexico or Canada and pulling down their flags and raising the US flag, what would the headline read? permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1380 England has surrendered, without a single shot fired in defense. posted 16 hours ago by KuzoKevin 324 comments Radio Europe @RadioEuropes • 1d 🚨🇬🇧BREAKING NEWS In response to the ‘Raise the Colours’ campaign by British patriots, Pakistani migrants across the UK have started removing Union Jack flags and raising the Pakistan flag. ×