576 I've been covering politics professionally since 2008. What I've learned: posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 21 comments 21 comments magaboom 19 points 9 hours ago This is accurate. 100% accurate. Look at the invasion, it is GLOBAL & our federal government RAN to join the efforts. Trump is the only thing standing in the way but according to scripture, it's ALL coming down. permalink Kifflom 8 points 9 hours ago No it isn’t. There are true blue democrats & red blooded republicans. The uniparty does exist. Thinking it is “the people vs the government, we should work together, us dems & republicans!” - nah, fuck you. Leftism is the opposite of Righteousness, in both English & Latin. Sin means Left. Sinister means On the Left. I do not give one fuck about “it is the citizen vs the politicians!” - It is the normal, upright people vs degenerate leftists & a RINO is a degenerate leftist. They are not all RINOs. There is no “heal the divide” between good & literal fucking evil. There is no “reunite the country”. The leftists are NOT our fellow Americans, the Democrats are NOT a real political party & NONE OF THEM, their voters or the reps, are our neighbors. Do not ever let tree hugging women & faggots convince you otherwise. permalink Covidrrhea 8 points 8 hours ago it's part of the spiritual battle playing out before our eyes. literal demon people permalink Kifflom 1 points 6 hours ago YES!!! permalink Txiribiton -2 points 2 hours ago Trump is controlled opposition and his priority is Israel. permalink TallestSkill 2 points 2 hours ago Don't make me tap the sign permalink SpellingContable 0 points 2 hours ago TCO = TDS. permalink fightfightfightx 11 points 8 hours ago a certain foreign country controls both parties a great "ally" permalink BidenShowerDrool 6 points 8 hours ago i don't see the Dems coming back to the center, they are just as batshit loon as they were under Biden. If the GOP loses the Presidency next time around everything bad will return but this time on Hulk level steroids. The left needs to be gutted at every level and exposed for the clown lucifarian lunacy it represents. permalink Mungo 4 points 8 hours ago Solid advice. permalink South_Florida_Guy 4 points 8 hours ago As they try to tell you there's two sides, but they're the ones telling you the truth they want to disarm you say, "trust me" permalink drmrboy 4 points 9 hours ago What do you think Trump will do to change this? 🤔 permalink RealWildRanter 2 points 5 hours ago He's an avid 5D chess player. Wait two weeks for the next decisive move and trust the plan! permalink I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 10 hours ago Link https://x.com/ImBreckWorsham/status/1954189494627791006 permalink LolitaExpressPilot 4 points 1 hour ago Wow, 2008 huh? And that makes you some kind of expert? Dumb. permalink Jakylangelo 2 points 6 hours ago At some point, we are going to have to get violent to take back our home. permalink SnowSnake 2 points 3 hours ago Now imagine you've been following politics since 1980 and imagine how convinced you'd be this is true. permalink Advhawk 2 points 3 hours ago 99% accurate. Trust in the Trump MAGA! permalink markolbb 1 points 9 minutes ago My politics is whatever this is. permalink EvilGreed209 1 points 27 minutes ago No shit just play a video when Netanyahu walks into the chambers of Congress and the Den of Vipers rise with great glee clapping and honoring dear Leader, you would think that was North Korea and Kim Jung Un walked in pissed off or something... permalink chahn1138 1 points 6 minutes ago TRUTHFUL! permalink 576 I've been covering politics professionally since 2008. What I've learned: posted 10 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 21 comments