818 The one time Scott Jennings got every liberal on CNN to shut up and listen posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 70 comments Townhall.com @townhallcom • 10h 🚨WATCH — @ScottJenningsKY has to remind CNN that slavery existed, but has been eradicated in this country. “Are we going to be defined by the worst…mistake we ever made? Or are we going to be defined by what we’ve done moving forward…to become the greatest nation on Earth? 70 comments LeRiverDanube 91 points 8 hours ago Whites were the first to break the cycle of slavery. Meanwhile blacks still do it. permalink OldGamerGuy79 18 points 7 hours ago Ahhhh, That’s racistism!!! permalink Meister_Bockmist 5 points 5 hours ago That's nothing, i have seen graphs and statistics that were worse than Hitler. permalink cleancutcutlet 1 points 39 minutes ago Chirp? permalink HazelHen 7 points 5 hours ago Who owned the slave ships? Small hats (overwhelmingly). Who were the slave owners? Small hats (disproportionately). permalink Trump43v3r -1 points 3 hours ago Who gives a fuck, it was 300+ years ago. permalink GodSaveTheWest 5 points 2 hours ago Well small hats have had a major part in the "hate whites because slavery" hollywood media and schooling for the past 3 decades at least so it seems they care. The propaganda to convince white people to hate themselves didnt come out of no where. permalink The_Left_The -4 points 3 hours ago Found the goatfucker. I believe you mean that Muslims were the owners disproportionately. permalink MolonMeme 6 points 3 hours ago You are confusing the Barbary & Transatlantic Slave Trades. “White Europeans” were disproportionately slaves throughout history - not slave traders. permalink Georgewashingtonboat 1 points 17 minutes ago Found the miga faggot. Its maga here or you can shut your filthy foreskin eating cock holster rabbi. permalink Threaper666 4 points 7 hours ago Bingo! permalink Donaldsweiner 3 points 7 hours ago Truth! permalink ailurus 2 points 1 hour ago Meanwhile blacks still do it. Meanwhile, pretty much everyone else still does it. permalink ThunderSizzle 1 points 56 minutes ago Modern inner gangs might as well be slavery. They capture pre teens and place them into a position where they can't go anywhere else. permalink WeaponizedSmirk 60 points 7 hours ago My whole fucking life, all 47 years, Democrats have blamed me for the sins of our ancestors, and I am so fucking tired of it. I'm so sick of blacks using slavery as an excuse for their shitty behavior and rotten communities. I'm sick of Jews using the holocaust as a shield from criticism or to silence people who notice. I'm sick of the fucking guilt trips and emotional manipulation. At some point, we just have to let it all go and get the fuck over it. permalink Threaper666 27 points 7 hours ago Its how they manipulate the populace. I believe the holocaust happened, but I also believe that its been hyped up to 11 for maximum effectivess. People have always died in concentration camps. Even POW ones. From Disease and starvation. And America slavery was like EBT. (What you get shipped to some new country and you can't read or write) Yeah u ain't making it very far without Master feeding yo ass. permalink FakeNametag 21 points 6 hours ago My own family members were slaves more recently than any black in America and were killed in concentration camps more recently than any jews (ethinc German citizens of the former Austro-Hungary detained in Yugoslavia 1947, with some sent off as slaves to Russia to work in camps). Most of them died. Nobody tells their story or feels even remotely bad that this genocide happened because they were Germans. So both blacks' and jews' crying falls on deaf ears for me. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 14 points 5 hours ago My dad was one of the few male survivors of a Nazi raid on his island in Croatia off the Dalmatian coast. They landed, marched a bunch of men and boys up the hill, shot them and left their corpses in a gully for their wives and daughters to bury. It's why I don't have uncles or grand-uncles. My dad held NO hatred for Germans and worked with many Germans, Russians and Italians once he escaped to America. He taught us that all war led to atrocity and once the killing starts, there were no rules. Dad would say only the victors have clean hands because only the victors write the history books!! I am very sorry for what happened to your family and so would have been my father who hated Yugoslavia's Tito regime and all communism (because they destroyed the survivors in our family and his village, just slower over decades). Brother wars must end. permalink MAGAguitar 7 points 5 hours ago What a blessing that your father survived and that he taught these lessons to his family. I’m a teacher and I’ll be saving this post to share with my students. There are important lessons here; what we can learn about war when hearing it through the survivors perspective. permalink fazaman 2 points 13 minutes ago only the victors have clean hands because only the victors write the history books!! Not when you get leftists involved and they blame the victors for everything! permalink PapaPepe 9 points 4 hours ago My grandmother is Romanian and was taken by Russians to a concentration/work camp during ww2. She spent years there forced to work while the death rate was very high. She eventually escaped in a potato truck. Most of the people she went there with were dead by then because the Russians didn't believe in heating the buildings they were in, much less the trains used to get them there. permalink GodSaveTheWest 5 points 2 hours ago Also plenty of modern genocides that get absolutely no press like the dafur genocide. Most americans couldnt tell you what Pol Pot is, and the cambodians have moved on from that. permalink XlDEN 4 points 2 hours ago Of course it happened -and is being hyped today quite effectively. (The people who deny it happened are the same ones who then say that it should have happened.) Hitler was fighting the very same global communist entity that we call the deep state. And Jews are natural-born global communists. They appear inherently wired with a desire to centralize, merge, unify, conglomerate, aggregate, bring together, mix, herd, etc. Each person acts in accordance with his own beliefs and desires. Collectively their overall effect becomes devastating to the nation-state. It’s ironic that the “holocaust” could eventually be the very thing that codifies global communism under Semitic control. permalink MAGA9428 5 points 6 hours ago Same here... Its like, how long ago does shit need to have happened before people will get the fuck over it? Slavery ended almost two centuries ago now. WW2 ended almost a century ago now. Nearly everyone who could even remember the time period is dead by now. Fucking let it go already. permalink atomisten 3 points 4 hours ago especially since northern african pirates held more white slaves than there were black slaves in usa. and actually there were more white victims of slavery than blacks in the world. but anyway, who gives a shit tbh. they are using emotional manipulation. they are trying to get at your empathy, and even at that they are failing because it's mostly just lies. but even if it was true, it's enough, they went 100steps too far, it's not empathy anymore, it's weaponized emotional manipulation. it's a woman's way of aggression psychologically (since they are weaker). so if you want an unnecessary label to it, it's "toxic femininity" at work. (lots of men do it too, but usually weak/feminine men) permalink HazelHen 1 points 5 hours ago Rid yourself of any guilt. Only a tiny portion of pre-civil war Americans owned slaves and slavery was the human norm since the Neolithic! Do realize they Americans did not enslave the Africans, they were already enslaved by other Africans and subsequently purchased if they had not been purchased, they would have remained slaves in Africa or sent elsewhere. Holocaust never happened—it is a loe easily disproven by simple facts. permalink vegaspatriot1776 1 points 4 hours ago We will, once that solution is figured out, and finalized. permalink _Sully_ 26 points 7 hours ago They don't care that slavery existed. They care about using something to manipulate people with. permalink SpellingContable 5 points 3 hours ago All too true. As a side note this reminded me of I think its called the whatever podcast. Scott Jennings got all these harpy shrills to stop spouting about their white mans victim status and momentarily process a reasoned statement/argument. permalink KeepMarxInTheGround 23 points 7 hours ago I might sound brash when I say this... But, I don't care anymore... At all. permalink MoreVanceMemes 18 points 8 hours ago We should have castrated them like the Arabs did. permalink GodSaveTheWest 4 points 2 hours ago Shouldve never brought them out of africa in the first place. Shouldve left them there to build their wakanda. Really though imagine the americas without sub-saharans. Haiti, jamaica, brazil, the US. I take that much safer and civilized world in exchange for rap and reggae probably being gone. permalink MAGA9428 13 points 6 hours ago "Slavery is our original sin, but we also fought a war to eradicate it." This stupid nigga lost me about 12 seconds into this video because both of those retarded points are wrong. Nearly everybody in the world at the time practiced slavery and were often far more brutal about it then the US was. So why is the US special? Why is slavery our original sin but not Africa's? Explorers in Africa said something like 80% of their population was effectively enslaved simply as a part of their society because tribal chieftains held such enormous power over people. The civil war was not fought to eradicate slavery. It was fought to end the right to secede. It was fought because the North would have gone bankrupt and their economy would've been obliterated if the South succeeded in leaving the union. permalink sun_wolf 9 points 4 hours ago Conservatives should probably stop with that tired “slavery was America’s original sin” talking point. Because it makes it sound like America originated slavery. It would be more accurate to call it an “inherited sin” in that it was the way of the world. If there is any original sin in slavery, it would be the black tribal kings in Africa who captured, enslaved, and sold off their own people to others around the world. That sent a message from Africa, about Africans, to the other countries, that these people were for sale. Obviously it’s fucked up that other countries went along with it, but it’s way more fucked up that Africa sold its own people. If black people want to blame anyone, blame the ones who actually captured and sold your ancestors: your own people. And take solace in that too, in that you would have been slaves either way, it was just a question of which race owned you and where. permalink Threaper666 10 points 7 hours ago Black Democrats would put white people in chains if they could. permalink Apersonofinterest 9 points 7 hours ago I can’t watch that show. These clips are posted all the time, “Scott Jennings Owns Another Retarded Dem”. But all of the clips are him saying something and then every black person on the panel yelling over everything else he says. The host is awful. She should be podcasting with Joy Reid and Don Le Mon. permalink SqRt7744 6 points 7 hours ago This isn't that good. His implication is that America wasn't great before slavery and getting rid of it is what made America great. Nah. It was the greatest at the founding, and with a few ups and downs it's mostly been downhill ever since. Now we're stuck with some shitty global empire running on funny money. And instead of a tiny fraction of the pop being chattel slaves, now vast majorities are debt slaves. Improvement? I don't think so. permalink xanaxagoras 5 points 7 hours ago Fuck these nons. Who cares what they think about slavery. permalink n3IVI0 5 points 6 hours ago And it was for barely 80 years. That's it. Then we slaughtered each other wholesale, put an end to it. AMENDED our Constitution for that purpose. AND, paid out reparations in the form of land and government aid and education trying to help the former slaves. We get no gratitude for this. permalink knnbccb 5 points 8 hours ago Slavery was not a mistake. If you wish to call it evil, it was a necessary evil back in the day. permalink lilbuffkitty1 10 points 6 hours ago I don't believe that it was beneficial for anyone aside from the rich sacks of shit that owned them and the Africans that sold them. Its literally the old version of what illegals are today, cheap labor that only benefits their employers and fucks everyone else out of the potential jobs. permalink SpellingContable 5 points 3 hours ago American blacks are the most privileged black people on the planet. - Jesse Lee Peterson. permalink DeepFrozenOcean 3 points 7 hours ago It wasn't necessary, it was a cheaper, more plentiful labor source. The alternatives were native slaves servants and poor European indentured servants who'd often work to death for less than the cost of a slave. To agree with you a little, we should never judge the past with modern morality and philosophies. They thought of it as an unsavory necessity in their day. permalink GodSaveTheWest 2 points 2 hours ago It absolutely was a long term mistake, look at the consequences of having them in the americas now. Imagine if we simply chose to not bring sub-saharans over. Wasnt necessary, you make it sound like america wouldnt exist without black people lol. permalink Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago The thing no one seemed to be picking up on was slaves worked and in return, they were housed, clothed, fed, cared for (free health insurance), educated and taught a trade. How is that any different than modern day blacks living in the ghetto? Now they have a little spending money to buy weed, Nikes and spinning rims? Democrats gonna Democrat. permalink dannydrak 4 points 3 hours ago The work part. permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 5 points 6 hours ago At the time 2-3% of the entire US population died during the Civil War. Today that would translate to 6.6-10.4 million deaths. The price of slavery way paid in blood. Those that still wish to claim a debt can fuck right off. permalink XxxRDTPRNxxX 4 points 6 hours ago Fuck that. Our worst mistake was not sending our outdated farm equipment back home when we didn't need them anymore. permalink Tunk 3 points 4 hours ago My family, on both sides, have never held slaves or been granted title to hold land upon which peasants, bonded labour, or chattel resided. My family has however recorded history of being enslaved by islam, indentured by the unscrupulous and working the land as peons. My ancestors fought to end the practices on the british isles, and fought to end the practice on the sea. Those who laid their feet upon our land became free men simply by virtue of existing on our soil, we would imprison their masters or the captains of vessels transporting those to be sold. In many cases executed them for the crime of holding another in bondage. Good men sacrificed to end slavery against the whole world, setting up blockades, freeing those who we encountered upon the waves. When we conquered lands, our soldiers would enforce our laws and punish those who would not free the souls under them. During the great wars where others resorted to slavery to fuel their war machines, my ancestors held strong as volunteers against those who would make slaves of anyone they encountered. We destroyed empires so that you may live free. And yet you want to blame me for your ills? No, blame your masters, your kinsmen, your tribesmen, those who still wish to see you enslaved. My ancestors blazed the trail and freed yours of their chains, it is for you to follow in our footsteps as free men. I am proud that I owe you nothing, and you should be grateful that I do not ask for recompense. permalink Mintap 3 points 3 hours ago So is the Holocaust, America's second biggest sin? Why do we have a museum for that? permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 3 points 7 hours ago I guarantee you that if you go to, say South Korea, and go to the Korean History Museum in Seoul (which I have been to) you will barely hear a mention about their LONG history of slavery, where they enslaved their own people. And yet that was a massive part of their history, culture, and society. permalink grassshrimp 3 points 5 hours ago Blacks blaming slavery for their problems are victims in a self fulfilling prophesy, it's a never ending cycle. And it's all so tiring. permalink sun_wolf 2 points 4 hours ago It seems like a miserable frame. Like if a person went around obsessing over what Gengis Khan did to one of their great-great-great-great-great-great-great ancestors. Whether or not what Genghis did was bad or not is kind of irrelevant. What a good therapist would ask is why does this define you? And what are you avoiding by projecting all this undue importance on history? And they would probably also expose what a fraud it all is too. Like I doubt most people obsessing over slavery have even read a book on it, so they’re just extracting this drip feed of depression out of it but aren’t actually that interested in the subject. I think that’s why slavery movies are always so lurid, like borderline torture porn. People just want to extract that cheap easy outrage out of it for the dopamine hit, even though it comes with a multi-generational depression hangover. permalink A_Little_White_Duck 1 points 1 hour ago "Cheap, easy outrage for the dopamine hit...multi-generational hangover" is a great descriptor for this cultural trend. permalink 1777 3 points 7 hours ago There is no shared vision when one culture is set on hating America. When that culture actively pursues performative nihilism from generation to generation. Deliberate anti-intellectualism is a badge of honor, and the same culture romanticizing struggle and dysfunction in their music, art, and the air they breathe. Even their own culture has as much fatigue as everyone else. A few Gen Z’s are calling BS on their own people b/c they are accepting actual history instead of the generational gaslighting. permalink based_trekkie 2 points 4 hours ago If America is irreversibly tainted by original sin.... Then I propose a new country "GOFUCKYOURSELFISTAN" permalink Eddie_LeBec 2 points 1 hour ago Sabina Singh, does the museum of your home country document how the Muslim cult was built on the original sin of slavery and pedophilia? permalink ILoveSilk 2 points 3 hours ago Slavery has nothing to do with me or anyone is alive. It was not "our" worst mistake. It was other people's sin that happened long time ago Slavery existed in many countries during the history. Nobody of thecrest of the world is concerned about their original sins. Why do we have to blame ourselves? permalink Prandogolio 2 points 7 hours ago He wouldn't be on the network if he wasn't controlled opposition. permalink Threaper666 1 points 7 hours ago I bet Scott Jennings is the most watched Reporter/commentator CNN has if you count social media postings. permalink Grindelwald 1 points 53 minutes ago Museums are built for children. Innocent children that want to learn. Innocent children that want to be inspired. Only adults want to crucify others for centuries old grievances deciding to be victims and seeking retaliation for their lot in life. Children should not be forced to follow in their parents footsteps. permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 1 points 4 hours ago If referencing history is so important to these people, they're going to have to talk about more than black slavery in what was America and nazi Germany. They are not pissed off at slavery happening now. They don't even know what nazi means which we know since they call us nazis incessantly. History is a pretty big time frame of atrocities as well as great achievements and exceptionalism. They know none of it. permalink Braineack 1 points 24 minutes ago It's tiring walking through the museums in DC and only seeing racist anti-white artwork. Even in the Portrait Gallery. permalink thebassdude 1 points 44 minutes ago Women simply cannot shut the fuck up. Just can't do it. permalink Oodles 1 points 1 hour ago If they really want to inform the world and make a concrete difference in people’s lives, museums need to contrast the differences between White culture and black culture. If museums had the courage to tell the truth, the world would realize that black culture is incompatible with civilized society permalink Redeemable 1 points 2 hours ago If you can't love me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best. permalink LabTech 1 points 5 hours ago What pisses me off the most is, in terms of demography, America for the most part moved past slavery well before the Civil War; because the north ended indentured servitude and everything we'd call slavery well over a century before the south did. It was the south, the Confederacy, and almost exclusively the Democrat Party, that held onto slavery with a death grip well past the point that it made any sense to; by rights they should've figured out that the north's industrial output far surpassed their slave Plantation system... but the Democrats had to be forced literally at gunpoint to free them,and for generations after, they tried everything they could to oppress the people they were forced to free. They still treat Blacks as slaves, and their ghettos as plantations, they've just gotten good at lying about what it is that they do, and who's to blame. Slavery is a DEMOCRAT sin, not an American sin, but if everyone's to blame, then nobody's to blame; worst of all they blame Republicans for all this racist shit, when the Republican party was literally founded as an Abolitionist party that was intended to end slavery. permalink Boomstikchik 1 points 7 hours ago We will be defined by leaving slavery behind us and keep moving forward by ignoring those who want to continually dredge it out of the past. We will not look back - that is not the direction we are moving. permalink rapskull 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 818 The one time Scott Jennings got every liberal on CNN to shut up and listen posted 8 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 70 comments Townhall.com @townhallcom • 10h 🚨WATCH — @ScottJenningsKY has to remind CNN that slavery existed, but has been eradicated in this country. “Are we going to be defined by the worst…mistake we ever made? Or are we going to be defined by what we’ve done moving forward…to become the greatest nation on Earth?