726 Comparison of Texas redistricting and Illinois Gerrymandering posted 8 hours ago by Rodger_Rabbit 31 comments 31 comments RuleoVicus 27 points 8 hours ago I keep a folder here labeled 'Elections' just for this sort of shit. permalink Rodger_Rabbit OP 10 points 7 hours ago I kept hearing people talk about Texas, California & Illinois, but no one was providing actual data. Let me know if you find any errors. permalink Rodger_Rabbit OP 3 points 7 hours ago Did you get the one I did for Texas and California? permalink Maconstate 1 points 1 hour ago Can I see? permalink justicein2020 1 points 5 hours ago you should buy a new bigger storage drive... permalink NoApologyTour 15 points 7 hours ago Now do Massachusetts with 0% republican representation. permalink Rodger_Rabbit OP 6 points 7 hours ago You already have the answer. permalink Somebody157 7 points 7 hours ago Gerrymandering should be made ILLEGAL, so nobody can do it. Your state loses the ability to vote if you do it, but for now what Texas did to counter is fine. Only democrats could come up with something this ass backwards insane to find ANOTHER WAY TO CHEAT. Gerrymandering is a perfect metaphor for how their minds work. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 6 hours ago They’ll just end run around gerrymandering with ranked choice voting Wherein Republicans will stupidly run choices to be ranked while their opponents will run one candidate, meaning they will all have the same choice. They’re structuring counting based on who is split and who isn’t. It’s devious as shit. permalink Somebody157 3 points 5 hours ago anything devious should be removed and grounds for an immediate lifetime ban from politics. it really should be that simple. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 5 hours ago Alaska and I think one other state tried to repeal the socialist scheme of rank choice “voting” and the Republicans stupidly run choices even though their opponents do not, despite the name and that they rigged it into effect with mail in ballots around 2020-2022, and the repeal failed due to … mail in ballots arriving three or more weeks late. They didn’t finish counting for a month or more, in a state with a population one quarter the size of Connecticut but with fewer gold deposits. permalink hitchhiker 2 points 2 hours ago We tried to repeal it here in Maine with a people’s veto back in 2020. This requires a certain number of signatures to make the ballot in the next election. That petition easily got enough signatures. The Secretary of State simply threw enough out to take it under the threshold and the vote never happened. permalink Somebody157 2 points 5 hours ago Also mail in ballot should be illegal and punishable by a instant ban from from politics for 5 lifetimes. permalink view 1 more comments... AerialRush 1 points 56 minutes ago mail-in ballots are the most obvious scam ever. They need to be federally outlawed. permalink CucksForTheDonald 1 points 7 hours ago Unfortunately, gerrymandering is built into the system and is part of the U.S. republic: "The term originated in 1812, named after Governor Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts, whose redistricting efforts created a district that resembled a salamander." Each state is incentivized to gerrymander so that its congressional seats represent the party that wins the state's popular vote. Every map of congressional districts is unavoidably a gerrymander to some extent, i.e. no perfect split representation is achievable. Therefore, every state might as well gerrymander to the max. The fact that majority Republican states don't do this, means they are losing on purpose. This is the working principle of the GOP: pretending to conserve, but being intentionally ineffective. If you wanted to eliminate gerrymandering, there would need to be a Constitutional amendment either (A) requiring congressional districts to be perfectly rectangular, except where the district boundary meets the state border; this would still be subject to manipulations similar to gerrymandering, but significantly more constrained; or (B) congressional districts could be thrown out altogether. This is potentially worse, since it would likely result in a few major cities providing all representatives for the state. permalink joggin_noggin 2 points 1 hour ago There is a way for (B) to work - parties run a slate of candidates, and they are selected based on the proportion of votes their party received. I.e. a slate of 20 Republicans and 20 Democrats stands for election in Hyperborea, which votes 75% Republican and 25% Democrat. 15 of the 20 Republicans are chosen, and 5 of the Democrats also take office. This has several weaknesses - you cannot run as an independent candidate, you still have to "round" one race either up or down, and it does nothing to stop your party running swamp monsters (though it can, because a few recognizable names can lead the slate). permalink Somebody157 2 points 7 hours ago anything can always be undone. permalink JesusPay 6 points 7 hours ago I don't think you want to substract, you want to divide: TX (78.9 / 59.1) / (21.1 / 40.9) = 2.6 IL (17.6 / 47.1) / (82.4 / 52.9) = 0.24 permalink fazaman 1 points 21 minutes ago Cant divide by zero. Try Massachusetts with division. Infinities are a hell of a thing. permalink InfinitesimalOrange 3 points 8 hours ago There should be mass protests in Illinois. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 4 points 6 hours ago But sports are on TV permalink Donold 2 points 5 hours ago it all fake anyway. 10-20 million illegals walked through Tony Gonzales district in Texas and he did jack shit. permalink WarGreymon77 2 points 5 hours ago Redistricting has been a thing since forever. Notice it's only become a problem when people went around yelling "DEMS COULD LOSE HOUSE SEATS!!1one" permalink sola_scriptura 1 points 7 hours ago It's only a problem when YOU do it!!! permalink BrionK 1 points 6 hours ago Do better Texas. Clean house or those nasty long red roaches you have will take over. permalink Mintap 1 points 3 hours ago Look at lots of other states too. For example, a Republican in DE gets zero representation. permalink KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 4 hours ago Yeah that's pretty bad... permalink Lol_Garrus 1 points 39 minutes ago This is the kind of shit that needs to be broadcast. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 6 hours ago Matters how much when the arrest threats were delayed? The opposition never delays arrests. Just sayin’, hopin’, copin’ permalink analog_shitposter 1 points 32 minutes ago These tables are horribly formatted permalink 726 Comparison of Texas redistricting and Illinois Gerrymandering posted 8 hours ago by Rodger_Rabbit 31 comments