515 GENIUS MOVE: DHS Painting Southern Border Wall Black, Making it Too Hot to Climb In the Summer Sun (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 62 comments GENIUS MOVE: DHS Painting Southern Border Wall Black, Making it Too Hot to Climb - Democrats Outraged (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pund... Kristi Noem and the Department of Homeland Security have decided to paint the southern border wall black. www.thegatewaypundit.com 62 comments Mathelm 69 points 2 hours ago This is a stupid, pointless, and petty thing to do. It's a giant waste of money. Big fan, keep it up. permalink TrumpCare 12 points 2 hours ago Lol permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 hours ago So much cheaper than the dems' waste fraud abuse permalink Meister_Bockmist 6 points 2 hours ago Why is no one here thinking about the temperature-challenged rocket scientists? permalink BIGBAG01 2 points 37 minutes ago the rocket scientists will be smart enough to wait for night or a cloudy day. permalink TrumpPatriot84 4 points 1 hour ago Sort of like the Gilboa double barrel AR15.. Heavy, not accurate, pointless, but it drives libtards insane, so I will take 2 please.. permalink vegaspatriot1776 4 points 2 hours ago But it contributes to climate change, you bigot! permalink Phishin_CA 52 points 2 hours ago I see a big wall and I want painted black. permalink DeathBattleFan123 32 points 2 hours ago No illegals anymore, they all have to go back permalink ReturnOfSmarm 7 points 2 hours ago ....with tacos and my sauce, both never to come back. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 hours ago On the fun side, dems cannot attack Trump for being raycissss anymore. Or mabye the dems will get the race card turned on them. Trump is so fun. Biden was a big ol bore. permalink vegaspatriot1776 2 points 2 hours ago That's no malarkey, Jack! permalink DingleBalls 20 points 2 hours ago Would rather it be electrified permalink GiggleFarts1960 11 points 2 hours ago Why not both? permalink carpetxparmesan 8 points 1 hour ago Because it's a giant lightning rod set in concrete and buried in the ground. And they'll damage the wiring every time they put a fiberglass ladder over it if you add the electric fence part on top of it. And or a blanket like they do with razor wire. I like where your head's at, just some cons to go with the pros. I was going to post this on another reply to be snarky but metal also needs painting. Otherwise it eventually just rusts in the rain, exposed. Over time, uniparty has built various stretches of fencing that they left unpainted that's deteriorating. It also requires maintenance to repaint eventually. And, snark aside, they've been putting off painting BRIDGES. I think biden took credit for an infrastructure initiative in his term so now I have to look at a bunch of "biden built this" signs as I travel. The point is, even with that, there are still a bunch of bridges that are left unpainted and getting damaged or delaminating by water, sun and air. permalink WassermanSchultz 3 points 43 minutes ago Ok. Giant Tesla coils shooting lightning at the wall. Can't cover that with a fiberglass ladder. permalink Bearing51 1 points 21 seconds ago I remember making this in Red Alert 2. permalink vegaspatriot1776 4 points 2 hours ago Also add razor sharp edges all the way up! permalink 2scoops2peachmints 3 points 2 hours ago Surround it with a mass of thorn bushes all the way down too with razor wire ontop permalink TLMFR 2 points 31 minutes ago How about snipers? permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 1 points 18 minutes ago Don't forget the alligators. And sharks with friggin laserbeams on their foreheads, because every living being deserves a warm meal! permalink Spicy_cat 2 points 54 minutes ago Give it a mirror finish so it reflects the sun and cooks anyone South of it permalink BIGBAG01 1 points 33 minutes ago this is the only way. just enough to make them un-grippable. not enough to kill or power a cell phone. or maybe a hologram appears on the other side saying no no no. you go back. Because it's only sunny in the day time when it's not cloudy. permalink myredditnameisfake 13 points 2 hours ago Paint it with petroleum jelly. Use the payload that they got from the Diddy raid. permalink Choomguy 2 points 1 hour ago Im sure pete buttigieg left a couple barrels of anal ease in his office, you could use that too… permalink TLMFR 2 points 29 minutes ago I don't want to be a Debbie downer but they use bailing wire ladders with hooks on top. I have pictures I cant share of fat fucks getting tangled and then the coyotes leave them there. permalink FusionRealm 7 points 2 hours ago This is the president protecting our investment. The steel is rusting and needs a protective coating. This does both. Trump has said, before the end of his last term. That it need to be painted, it’s already starting to rust. permalink TLMFR 1 points 28 minutes ago That makes more sense. permalink cpt_majestic2 6 points 2 hours ago Chrome that bitch, it will be untouchable. permalink Sparks1017 4 points 2 hours ago Electrifying it would be better permalink xBigCoffinHunter 4 points 2 hours ago You know we’re inching closer to electrifying it. Dare I touch myself to the thought of turrets and flamethrowers? permalink carpetxparmesan 1 points 1 hour ago Gator and bullshark moat. Make the Rio Grande ...grande...again. permalink DaytonaJackieDaytona 3 points 52 minutes ago Nice caboose on Noem permalink OGpsywar 3 points 39 minutes ago 👍 , Read all comments at 1 hr mark, .. only 3 people weren't blind or gay. permalink Txiribiton 3 points 2 hours ago Climb it at night, I suppose people from both sides have no brains. permalink JDVance4President28 2 points 1 hour ago They just will cutt a section of wall. And there are plenty of places that have no wall at all. permalink AbrahamLincoln 2 points 2 hours ago Just shoot them. No trespassing. permalink daty_dato 2 points 2 hours ago how about adding an electrical current to it? permalink jiujiujiu 2 points 2 hours ago I’d rather they electrify it. I’d pay extra tax for that. permalink Choomguy 1 points 1 hour ago I voted for that…. I mean why not. Pus if the tried to cut it, you can determine exactly wher its at andtake action. permalink Mikev 2 points 2 hours ago I see a red wall and I want it painted black. permalink billybaldwin2 2 points 2 hours ago Metal baking in the desert wasn't hot enough. To be fair, I've seen videos of people scaling the wall in seconds. The poles make it real easy. What most people forget about is there's a second wall. Depending on the area, of course. permalink mrreneck 1 points 13 minutes ago My thought, no matter the color its gotta be hot, hope they buy a spray gun, walls only work with proper enforcement, Thank God! permalink HoganT 1 points 2 hours ago It’s literally like two shades darker than it already is. permalink Grindelwald 1 points 26 minutes ago I watched this over and over again.....especially the end. permalink CT-PATRIOT 1 points 26 minutes ago "I see a wall and I want it painted black" To Rolling Stones Painted Black. permalink Hamilton_Miller 1 points 2 hours ago Gloves? Oven mitts? How about razor wire built in with the steal bollards? There are many options. permalink DylanPatrick 1 points 2 hours ago Ay caramba! permalink carpetxparmesan 2 points 1 hour ago parishilton_that'shot.jpg permalink Boruzu 1 points 1 hour ago INHUMANE!!!! permalink AbsurdOpinion 1 points 1 minute ago I feel like concertina wire is more effective permalink GiggleFarts1960 1 points 2 hours ago Make top pointy. permalink hughjasske69 1 points 2 hours ago Whose ass is in that photo? permalink ragnarokrobo 3 points 1 hour ago Never met a photo op she didn't like. permalink Choomguy 3 points 1 hour ago Its a nice one… permalink hughjasske69 2 points 1 hour ago Not bad. permalink bemac 1 points 1 hour ago Kristi Noem permalink duddenmadder 1 points 40 minutes ago Black wall matters permalink Wooster97 1 points 18 minutes ago Where is the barbed wire? permalink Rambo1ri 1 points 57 minutes ago gloves? 🤦‍♂️ permalink airborne3502 0 points 2 hours ago That thing is going to get HOT. The due process clause applies to anybody in the United States including illegal invaders. The Border Patrol, which falls under DHS, isn't allowed to set traps or do anything else that can cause physical harm because they can get sued. I love this idea, love it, but I'd hate for some illegal to become an instant millionaire because we didn't think this through. permalink carpetxparmesan 2 points 1 hour ago Maybe congress needs to step up and change the law. It's not a trap. It's a fence. For keeping people out. Like electric fencing. You're not supposed to touch the thing! permalink airborne3502 3 points 1 hour ago Agree 💯 permalink MAGA_Toaster 1 points 43 minutes ago [ Hand wringing intensifies ] permalink 515 GENIUS MOVE: DHS Painting Southern Border Wall Black, Making it Too Hot to Climb In the Summer Sun (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 62 comments GENIUS MOVE: DHS Painting Southern Border Wall Black, Making it Too Hot to Climb - Democrats Outraged (VIDEO) | The Gateway Pund... Kristi Noem and the Department of Homeland Security have decided to paint the southern border wall black. www.thegatewaypundit.com