372 6 Days After Calling DC Crime Crisis ‘Nonexistent,’ NY Times’ Peter Baker Complains Trump Isn’t Fixing Crime (thefederalist.com) posted 1 hour ago by rdvs34283 18 comments After Dismissing DC Crime, Baker Complains Trump Isn't Fixing It Six days after declaring the crime crisis in D.C. was 'nonexistent,' Peter Baker is complaining that Trump isn't fixing crime in D.C. thefederalist.com 18 comments ReturnOfSmarm 14 points 1 hour ago Listening to Peter Baker complain is like listening to my neighbor down the block complain ---- I don't really give a shit. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 7 points 41 minutes ago New York Times Ignore permalink hellohellohellohell 3 points 28 minutes ago And MSNBC contributor... permalink Meister_Bockmist 11 points 1 hour ago Anything and everything, to feed the TDS faggots with typed pig slop. permalink airborne3502 7 points 1 hour ago Same New York Times that shared a Pulitzer with the Washington Post for their coverage of the Russia Hoax? Irrelevant, biased, rag that's only good for lining bird cages and potty training a puppy. permalink Nat4Pat 3 points 32 minutes ago Yes, same NYTimes owned by a bunch of jews to smear white people and poison white civilization. No wonder when Hitler tried to deport these pigs no country wanted them. permalink Imightbeprotonbill 4 points 1 hour ago It's kind of like CNN posts being made here on PW. They are so far gone, I don't care what they have to say. I really don't. Fake News Media fatigue is real. permalink Weeha 3 points 54 minutes ago It is important that the NYT stick to the NARRATIVE! Six days ago there was nonexistant crime in DC. Today Trump is not fixing the nonexistant crime. permalink BirthHole 2 points 34 minutes ago NYT just repeats what the master in the narrative control room send out to thier minions/shills. permalink MagaJay02 2 points 21 minutes ago 500 arrests isn't "fixing crime"? To a leftist, they think fixing crime means holding a criminals hand, having a heart to heart where you both cry, and then the criminal is suddenly a good person. Hell no. Punishment is the only way. permalink 2Clutch 1 points 26 minutes ago They'll say anything no matter how ridiculous. permalink Tartakovsky 1 points 23 minutes ago Who? permalink BirthHole 1 points 36 minutes ago Now they are going to bus in criminals to cause crime to blame Trump that his new changes actually increased the crime rate. This is how Machiavellians work. And it works very well when one political entity is allowed to have a monopoly on all corporate media. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 27 minutes ago Bus and motorcoach drivers, if bearing licenses, are infinitely traceable using DMV databases for commercial licenses with a passenger endorsement. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 58 minutes ago The thing isn't happening. OK it's happening but not that bad (eg juking stats to pretend crime is down). OK it's happening but your side isn't solving it fast enough! permalink footinmouth 1 points 12 minutes ago I mean duh.. there are police everywhere now. The real issue was the prosecutors letting people out after 3 days for armed robbery. Da'Shawantiono just needs a 27th chance and his 50 gang tattoos he has at 22 were just youthful mistakes permalink Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 32 minutes ago These people must suffer from severe cases of whiplash from all the flip-flopping they do. No wonder their heads are so scrambled and screwed up. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 31 minutes ago Fake News retards are so dumb. This one reminds me of them saying "Russia is about to collapse any second and Ukraine will win the War " and in the very next sentence "We have to send money and weopons to Ukriane or Russia will be marching on Paris next month".....I honestly don't think it's possible to hate those people e enough. permalink 372 6 Days After Calling DC Crime Crisis ‘Nonexistent,’ NY Times’ Peter Baker Complains Trump Isn’t Fixing Crime (thefederalist.com) posted 1 hour ago by rdvs34283 18 comments After Dismissing DC Crime, Baker Complains Trump Isn't Fixing It Six days after declaring the crime crisis in D.C. was 'nonexistent,' Peter Baker is complaining that Trump isn't fixing crime in D.C. thefederalist.com