284 HOLY CRAP The illegal alien truck driver who kiIIed 3 people, FAILED an English Language Assessment, getting only 2/12 answers right and identifying only 1/4 highway traffic signs. It was also discovered that WA and CA issued Singh a commercial driver's license despite not being eligible for it. posted 7 hours ago by IlhansBrother 18 comments Libs of TikTok @libsoftiktok • 16h HOLY CRAP The illegal alien truck driver who kiIIed 3 people, FAILED an English Language Assessment, getting only 2/12 answers right and identifying only 1/4 highway traffic signs. It was also discovered that WA and CA issued Singh a commercial driver's license despite not 18 comments Raetchel 14 points 7 hours ago now do the illegal doctors they keep importing permalink IlhansBrother OP 10 points 7 hours ago Cheating on exams is rampant in some countries. So why do we trust their qualifications? permalink Raetchel 8 points 7 hours ago exactly plus, who would trust some foreign accreditation? accredited by who, the un? hard pass permalink RuleoVicus 2 points 7 hours ago Absolutely. permalink mullethawk 6 points 4 hours ago The latest reporting is that he got a work permit from the biden administration. https://nypost.com/2025/08/18/us-news/illegal-migrant-truck-driver-suspect-in-deadly-florida-crash-was-given-work-permit-under-biden-after-being-denied-by-trump-dhs permalink DemPanicAtTheDisco 5 points 2 hours ago Here's the Indian CDL farm that sold him his CDL with virtually no training. (They've done hundreds and hundreds of these) https://maps.app.goo.gl/mxk4aar619zJDGmQ8 https://www.punjabtruckdrivingschool.com/ permalink Dogpile1 4 points 1 hour ago If you think the CDL stuff is bad just look at the number of people killed and injured by illegals just driving cars. permalink Parhelion12 1 points 7 minutes ago If you think driving cars is bad, look at the fact that they are voting. permalink Lasheric 1 points 16 minutes ago These illegals do a ton of DUI hit and runs too. They also make our insurance super high permalink TheTelltaleFly 3 points 48 minutes ago The test only included 4 highway signs? That’s an astonishingly low bar and this raghead still failed it. permalink Stolen 3 points 7 hours ago Eligible to vote in multiple states permalink Jack_Dupp 1 points 7 minutes ago Back in the day he would’ve been hanged on the spot. permalink BeanieRed 1 points 1 hour ago Don’t sue the state, sue the actual individuals involved in granting the licenses for not doing their jobs. Make THEM pay. permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 2 points 25 minutes ago And don’t allow them to use taxpayer funds for lawyers or anything permalink Franklymydear 1 points 23 minutes ago Wait until they do airline pilots permalink KE948_U2 1 points 6 hours ago I want the Liberal Democrat who signed off on this to hang publicly. permalink Shadow-Band 1 points 37 minutes ago The people approving these licenses and hiring these illegals need to be held accountable. permalink BigNoseSpotted 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink 284 HOLY CRAP The illegal alien truck driver who kiIIed 3 people, FAILED an English Language Assessment, getting only 2/12 answers right and identifying only 1/4 highway traffic signs. It was also discovered that WA and CA issued Singh a commercial driver's license despite not being eligible for it. posted 7 hours ago by IlhansBrother 18 comments Libs of TikTok @libsoftiktok • 16h HOLY CRAP The illegal alien truck driver who kiIIed 3 people, FAILED an English Language Assessment, getting only 2/12 answers right and identifying only 1/4 highway traffic signs. It was also discovered that WA and CA issued Singh a commercial driver's license despite not