1048 Poor Adam 🚨 LOCK THEM UP 🚨 posted 12 hours ago by PotatusHead 47 comments 47 comments PeregrineFalcon 79 points 12 hours ago When can you form a PAC to fund a legal defense? I thought PACs could only be used to fundraise for the purpose of campaigning. A legal defense is not a political campaign. permalink HelluvaEngineer 34 points 11 hours ago There you go again... permalink HiimHillaryClinton 10 points 11 hours ago I’m a bitch, I’m a tease, I’ma goddess on my knees. 🎵 When you hurt when you suffer, I’m your angel undercover. 🎵 permalink DonnieRamesJio 2 points 10 hours ago And you wouldn't have it any other way permalink Stir_Fried_Dog 6 points 9 hours ago I hear this song everyday, at least once, at work if I don't wear my earbuds. Got moved to slightly more advanced area, and my trainer is a guaranteed liberal voting, lesbian, adultering, knowledge monopolizing, boomer, divorcee cunt. Been forced to work with her the last 4 months, and the only music she'll let play is: 90's top 40 pop, modern top 40 country, and lady gaga about 80% of the day, and a smattering of Journey, 1 Survivor song, 1 Paula Abdul song, 1 Meatloaf song, a couple from Madonna and Cindy Lauper the other 20% of the day. Needless to say, I hate you all for making me feel like I'm back at work right now lmao 🤣 permalink view 2 more comments... Hanging_Chad 2 points 9 hours ago hi Hillary! 👋🏻 permalink Spindle-spin 8 points 11 hours ago Didn't GEOTUS use his PAC to cover his legal expenses? I thought donating was like GoFundMe for electing him and making the Democrats waste their money permalink Snek_Plissken 9 points 10 hours ago That was a different scenario because he was actively campaigning. In this case, setting up a PAC specifically for legal defense is what makes it legal. permalink lefty295 6 points 10 hours ago You can, it’s a loophole due to retarded regulations. Thank Congress. permalink joggin_noggin 3 points 1 hour ago I don't think Congress writing the law in such a way that they benefit is retarded . Amoral, mercenary, self-serving... but not retarded. permalink MyDogCompletesMe 4 points 9 hours ago I think you can form a PAC for anything for which you fund-raise from others. The kicker is that it won't be tax deductible (I think 503c) when your donors donate their money. In fact, it's kinda the opposite. If you intend to fund raise and you exceed various $$$ limits or cross county/state lines with various donation amounts you're REQUIRED to form a PAC or stop receiving donations. Still of course, only some PACs are eligible for 503c status (tax deductible for donors). The cool thing here is that he must file quarterly financials which include donors info and how he's spending the money. Once those quarterlies have been published, anyone can look them up and file complaints which must be addressed. permalink BahamaDon 3 points 10 hours ago Faggots can do whatever they want to, you racist bigot! permalink PeregrineFalcon 1 points 8 hours ago A mirror must be the most vile thing to them, as they get to see their hypocrisy in themselves. permalink Neonentity 33 points 12 hours ago No USAID money? Awwww permalink Blake74949 19 points 11 hours ago Those coffers will be full for a while. They filled them for 4 years. permalink lixa 7 points 10 hours ago Doubt it. That's why all the leftist talking heads and "comedians" are being fired permalink Harvestsmiles 2 points 8 hours ago Heard it was they've been livin' too high on the hog or somethin like that. permalink IncredibleMrE1 22 points 11 hours ago https://www.huffpost.com/author/steven-w-mele-266 Steve Mele is a partner with MBA Consulting Group, a political finance compliance firm. In the late 1990's he was a volunteer on the No on Knight initiative in California and was active in the Marriage Equality movement. He has served on the board of Equality California and Equality California Institute as well as the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles. Professionally Steve provides non profit and political campaign treasury services and has worked with National Center for Lesbian Rights, Maitri Hospice in San Francisco and was the Treasurer for the No on Prop 8 committee in California in 2008. FAGGOTS! permalink BlueKentuckyGirl 5 points 11 hours ago Thanks 🍻 permalink Intrigued5050 2 points 11 hours ago Hell yeah permalink CzechForTrump 1 points 4 hours ago That reminds me of the Male Chorus of San Francisco, where - as the 4chan found and provided info - are literally convicted pedos among them sounds of a running wood chipper in a distance permalink Herc130 22 points 12 hours ago Book em' Danno! permalink BillPigg 11 points 10 hours ago Steve Garvey Won. Adam Schiff is a Fraud. permalink JimDandy 5 points 9 hours ago Depends who counts the ballots. And there is a difference between ballots and votes. permalink Stolen 3 points 7 hours ago Ballots are counted not voter votes permalink GodIsPerfect 11 points 11 hours ago He created a fake PAC to defend him instead of running for office, or what’s going on with this? I’m not up on this part of the news… what’s goin’ on here in other words permalink trumpORbust 3 points 11 hours ago 💥💩 permalink SavingPrivateGrace 7 points 11 hours ago A Political Organization where just Adam Schiff profits. He's reached his final form as a Senator I see. Some even say it's a position that's even more powerful than the President. A diabolical evil, that has to be an ethics violation and conflict of interest for a Senator to accept money when they are in office for a lawsuit that he could possibly be removed/impeached from over it permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 7 points 11 hours ago He had this made so his puppet masters could funnel in money to protect their investment. permalink Pdjco658 6 points 10 hours ago he's in quicksand. He's not indicted yet, so technically he's a free man just like you or me. But he's at oh this moment where you realize you have both feet stuck. The mud is covering just your feet but you know mentally what's going to happen and not knowing when it's going to happen is almost just as worse and knowing it will happen. permalink JimDandy 2 points 9 hours ago I will sleep well tonight with that thought in my mind. permalink BahamaDon 6 points 10 hours ago Huffington Post CONTRIBUTOR Steven Mele Political Finance Compliance specialist, writer, activist Steve Mele is a partner with MBA Consulting Group, a political finance compliance firm. In the late 1990's he was a volunteer on the No on Knight initiative in California and was active in the Marriage Equality movement. He has served on the board of Equality California and Equality California Institute as well as the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles. Professionally Steve provides non profit and political campaign treasury services and has worked with National Center for Lesbian Rights, Maitri Hospice in San Francisco and was the Treasurer for the No on Prop 8 committee in California in 2008. permalink narvster 2 points 8 hours ago Gay men's chorus. The one that sang about how they were coming for your kids... https://www.dailywire.com/news/were-coming-for-your-children-historic-gay-mens-choir-sings-in-viral-video permalink LeftistFatigue 6 points 11 hours ago Shifty Shitty Schiff. permalink Drewniverse 4 points 11 hours ago I wish I were so rich I could ask other people for money to defend me for obvious crimes that I may or may not have committed. permalink CLF3 3 points 10 hours ago If schiff wasn't worried about having to suddenly retire to israel he wouldn't have done this. permalink DylanPatrick 3 points 10 hours ago He needs some spam. schiff@mbacg.com permalink NinjaFish 2 points 9 hours ago Money laundering scheme #787 permalink ModsAreCucked 2 points 9 hours ago Once Adam Schiff is tried and duly convicted of treason, he should not be executed by firing squad or hanging. Thats far too dignified. Trump should build the world’s largest toilet and throw him in it on Live TV. Flush the Schiff! permalink BlueKentuckyGirl 2 points 11 hours ago So is this Steven mele shiff’s fav butt buddy? Enquiring mind here permalink BlueKentuckyGirl 2 points 11 hours ago Slimy faggots 💵🤮 💩 permalink 5DchessWatch 2 points 9 hours ago He puts the "Fun" in defense fund permalink blueeyephoto 1 points 57 minutes ago with as much money as he's grifted over the years, why does he need taxpayer funded defense fund for crimes he's committed while in office? just set up a gofundme like every other leftist grifter asshole. permalink Ricky_CIA 1 points 8 hours ago What a pencil neck faggot permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 9 hours ago Here's the company that email address listed for pencil neck faggot Schiff is associated with. Wizard-like internet fren's do your thing. https://mbacg.com/#complianceandtax permalink Burisma 1 points 1 hour ago I'm going to send them a check. -100,000 dollars. permalink jealousWhiting6 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink 1048 Poor Adam 🚨 LOCK THEM UP 🚨 posted 12 hours ago by PotatusHead 47 comments