287 Please Pray for Me ✝️ UNDER GOD ✝️ posted 6 hours ago by Necrovoter 24 comments My faith and love in Jesus are strong. The trials I currently face are near overwhelming. A father who is at the end stages of Alzheimer's and a mother who is in crippling pain almost every day. Legal and financial issues are closing in and I feel like I need all the help from God I can get. I know God is merciful and just. I know I have received more in this life with family and friends than I have any right to. I am not thinking of doing anything rash - God has helped me through incredibly difficult times and saved me twice from almost certain death. If you would say a prayer more me, that God will get me through this with His mercy, I would be eternally grateful. 24 comments Apersonofinterest 23 points 5 hours ago Don’t even waste a thought on the legal and financial. Just be there for mom and dad and God will be there for you. permalink Methodmapper 16 points 5 hours ago Praying! Never give up. If all you can do is take the next step, concentrate on that step. These are the moments that He walks with you. He is were you come to the end of your strength and keep going. Ask him to bless your steps, even as you go through the fire. And it is a fire. This life is hard. Lord God, guide our fren with grace, wisdom and confidence. Don't let him be crushed, open doors of mercy for him to go through. Let him see your hands work. In Jesus name! Also, for pain, try a nicotine patch, use step 3. And drop Dad's carbs to almost zero, whatever is left of his brain will work better on ketones. MCT oil and ketone salt products can increase good days. Don't hesitate to use the nicotine patch on him too. permalink LaptopDied 13 points 6 hours ago Rough. Prayer said. permalink NowTheyAllLose 12 points 5 hours ago Lord Jesus, surround Necrovoter with your angels and protect them from the slings and arrows of the enemy. Give them your strength and ceaseless perseverance so that they may overcome any and all hardships that the deceiver may throw at them. Fill their heart with your courage and their mind with the fact that they have brother and sisters whom they will likely not meet until the veil is lifted praying for them and cheering them on in this battle. In the name of Father who created all, the Son who sacrificed himself, and the Spirit that guides us, AMEN! permalink MAGA9428 10 points 5 hours ago I'm sorry to hear that man. Prayer sent for you. permalink Rosebud4Jesus 9 points 5 hours ago Sorry MAGApede. Utmost prayers for you and your family. Lost my godly precious mom in 2023 on Easter to Dementia after caring for her for 4 years. Worst day of my life and did not want to continue on. The only reason I am still her today is my faith and HOPE in my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I left all in his hands. The most important statement you made is your faith in Jesus Christ. When all is said and done that is all that will matter. You will be amazed at the strength God will give you through this. Keep your faith never waiver be there for your mom and dad and God will never abandon you. My mission now is Heaven. Where my eternity will be with my father Jesus and my faithful mother in paradise for all eternity. "And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away," Revelation 21:4 permalink SuperDuperBasedMD 7 points 4 hours ago I'm praying hard for you pede. Losing a parent to Alzheimer's is a hard road. I've walked it. Some advice: When it comes time to make medical decisions for your father, i.e., whether to pursue treatment for a pneumonia, you're not deciding based on what you want, but what he would want if he'd seen this coming while he had all his faculties. When it comes to treatments, just because you can drag him through something doesn't mean you should. Take care of yourself so you can continue to take care of your family. That means make some time for yourself. Exercise works wonders. I would go for a run or a walk every morning. Stay in touch with friends who are not directly involved so your whole world doesn't become the disease. Activate your community. Connect with your church and neighbors. Reach out to his old friends. People want to help. Let them. You would do the same if the situation were reversed. Get some professional help. The Alzheimer's association has resources for caregivers. https://www.alz.org/help-support/caregiving You are going to need a lawyer. Talk to your father. If you're anything like me, there are things you need to say. Even if he doesn't understand everything there are things you need to apologize for, things you need to forgive him for. This is your opportunity. Be kind to your mother and shower her with love. She is about to lose the most important person in her life. It has to be terrifying and incredibly lonely. It is undoubtedly making her pain worse. Be gentle with yourself. This is incredibly hard. You are not perfect, you're just a fallen human just like the rest of us. That's OK. Jesus loves you and walks by your side. permalink Lelleck 5 points 1 hour ago That is some thoughful advice. I like this community! permalink LostElf 1 points 17 minutes ago Best prayer circle I've found outside of actual religious communities. permalink airborne3502 7 points 5 hours ago Hang on in there. 🙏 permalink PsychoDodo 6 points 5 hours ago Life is a trial of self discovery. Stay true to yourself and you will find the lessons it teaches you and the hardships it throws at you only serve to strengthen and prepare you for the trials you will face in the future. Stand strong in the face of them and you will find the next wave of life smaller and easier to surmount than the last. Chin up fren. permalink kornesque 4 points 3 hours ago God bless you. permalink woyer_ 4 points 2 hours ago You're in my prayers, pede! May god bless you in these trying times. permalink Wfdeacon88 3 points 33 minutes ago Prayers to you and your family. We love you permalink Psalm-118_24 3 points 28 minutes ago Two songs...they seem to bring me peace and I hope they do the same for you as I pray for your mother and father and you. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R84PqRdZ7_YCT https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GKGu_e7YMrA permalink BunkerHill 3 points 48 minutes ago Done permalink Meow4me2 3 points 3 hours ago Prayers sent. In my own life, I experienced a miracle, a message from the grave. My father came to me in a dream that wasn’t a dream, at a time when I was facing financial difficulty and thought I might have to leave college. He appeared and simply told me “Everything will be okay. It will be okay.” Then the most incredible peace settled over me. I know what heaven will feel like from that. My father was a notorious pessimist. To hear something so optimistic from him was out of character. I think he learned something in heaven and wanted to pass it on to me. It was a gift from God, given to me through my father. Dad was right. It all turned out okay, with a bit of effort on my part. I remind myself of dad’s words all the time, and as my life has unfolded, I’ve seen this come true over and over again. It’s true. Everything really does turn out okay. It may require effort on your part, but it will be okay. Awful things may still happen, but you get through it. permalink UNfreeNewZealand 3 points 3 hours ago Red Clay Stays. Fabulous non preachy music. https://youtu.be/G_PEyOBdE_g?si=AeUBLuPTK3dMMBXU permalink LostElf 2 points 19 minutes ago Dear God, our Father, today we cry out to Heaven for a friend in need. The walls have closed around him, and he feels the pressure of the Enemy. Immediately send Your Holy Spirit to defend and guide him through this crisis. Inspire him, and all those around him, with Your Wisdom, Your Grace, and Your Strength. One day at a time. Thank You, Father! permalink FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 18 minutes ago Yes and amen!!! permalink Mcof 1 points 9 minutes ago There has been great success with ivermectin with Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s patients. permalink TruthWillOut 1 points 8 minutes ago 🐸❤️🙏 Without knowing anything about your mother's ailments, painful diseases like MS, can now be helped with Ivermectin. It seems that a huge number of diseases and problems are caused by microscopic parasites hiding in the body. https://justusrhope.substack.com/p/ivermectin-for-parkinsons-disease I would give the apple flavoured horse paste a try if you don't know a doctor you feel you can trust. permalink Stanwyk74 1 points 3 minutes ago Praying for you and your loved ones. Offer your suffering to Jesus. Please pray for me too. Lots of seemingly impossible situations we are dealing with too. permalink AngelMark2 1 points 15 minutes ago I understand the parent part! My dad is undergoing a biopsy for lymph node cancer as I write this n his heart is weak and mom has had shingles for over 4 months. Praying for you and your parents! The financials will turn around just focus on your parents for now! permalink 287 Please Pray for Me ✝️ UNDER GOD ✝️ posted 6 hours ago by Necrovoter 24 comments My faith and love in Jesus are strong. The trials I currently face are near overwhelming. A father who is at the end stages of Alzheimer's and a mother who is in crippling pain almost every day. Legal and financial issues are closing in and I feel like I need all the help from God I can get. I know God is merciful and just. I know I have received more in this life with family and friends than I have any right to. I am not thinking of doing anything rash - God has helped me through incredibly difficult times and saved me twice from almost certain death. If you would say a prayer more me, that God will get me through this with His mercy, I would be eternally grateful.