1456 The Texas Capitol grounds are now being EVACUATED due to an ACTIVE SH00TER threat, as Democrats protest the new U.S. House Maps. More leftist terrorlsm! posted 12 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 97 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 12h 🚨 BREAKING: The Texas Capitol grounds are now being EVACUATED due to an ACTIVE SH00TER threat, as Democrats protest the new U.S. House Maps More leftist terrorlsm! This ONLY ENDS when the politicians who are encouraging it are ARRESTED! 97 comments Driveby-Viktum 99 points 12 hours ago I guess pulling the fire alarm had no effect. permalink charlesthehammer 51 points 11 hours ago “I thought I was opening a door” permalink Voltage 42 points 11 hours ago You laugh, but it worked and the fine which I don't think he even got charged is stupid like 100 bucks .. It was a probe of the limits, and honestly they found a serious exploitable real world tactic. And instead of seriously addressing it we laugh.. permalink MAGABOND 15 points 10 hours ago Well he ended up losing his seat, so that’s a win. permalink SquiggyMcPepe 1 points 5 hours ago Because he was a liability. This is a rapidly growing problem for the Ds because the useful idiots they roped in were not supposed to last this long. They thought they would get rid of Trump years ago but he kept hanging on so they had to not only keep their useful idiots on tap they started to weasel their way into the D power structures. In many ways we only have to outlast the Ds as they continue to implode. permalink glow-operator-2-0 12 points 10 hours ago Honestly, I'm done with words. That's just me though. permalink SquiggyMcPepe 2 points 5 hours ago Don't wait for us lead the way. permalink NadlersNads 2 points 5 hours ago Name checks out permalink Decepticons-superior 2 points 8 hours ago I actually forgot this story. What happened, again? permalink Skogin 2 points 10 hours ago https://patriots.win/p/17tLFgCeYy/jamaal-dont-let-the-fire-door-hi/c/ permalink Cuetardian 84 points 11 hours ago Be aware of the term narcissistic rage. That's exactly what we're seeing here. Narcissists/sociopaths of every kind rely on lies, bribes, threats and manipulation to stay in control of everyone else. But when narcs/sociopaths realize that their bullshit isn't working anymore, and the lies fall apart and people begin to see them for what they really are, they become furiously angry. That's when they start lashing out with physical violence. That's because they don't have any other way to get people to do what they want. And as long as they're still not getting what they want - which is to be proved right, get their power and control back, and have Trump and MAGA disappear forever - the Left will only become more and more enraged and violent and destructive. Never forget this. Be aware of your surroundings 24/7. It's almost certain to get worse before it can be stopped. permalink Angryhotdog 23 points 11 hours ago Damn J6’ers weren’t this armed permalink cjcivicx 32 points 11 hours ago They weren't armed at all... permalink Angryhotdog 16 points 11 hours ago I was told a police officer had his head bashed in with a fire extinguisher and 100 cops were killed by impalement promoting 10 cops die by suicide. Come on man CNN covered it live. permalink conservatarian 9 points 10 hours ago I was told millions of POC, LGBT, and other marginalized people were massacred on Jan 6. permalink view 3 more comments... cjcivicx 0 points 11 hours ago If only. DC Cops deserve to be executed. permalink view 2 more comments... JamesBond007 4 points 11 hours ago Only the Fed they caught carrying one permalink Decepticons-superior 2 points 8 hours ago Don't you remember? A glowie fed had some guns in a trunk somewhere. Or something. permalink DontCallyMeBuddyGuy 9 points 10 hours ago Oh yeah I know. The whole political climate with these fucking retarded ass leftists is the reason why I keep a rifle and some rifle plates. I don't leave the house without my AR-15 being somewhere in my vehicle. I always got a pistol on me at least permalink RedTX 1 points 29 minutes ago Same here, I am always concealed carry, even if just making a quick trip to grocery store. Minimum carry is a J Frame or small Glock. Enough to stop a threat, or at least get you to the truck to GTFO. permalink glow-operator-2-0 6 points 10 hours ago the Left will only become more and more enraged and violent and destructive Good. I think it's time we finish Reconstruction. permalink MAGA9428 5 points 10 hours ago Honestly, I don't think the woke left is going to survive this term. They are getting humiliated on a nearly daily basis now. Cutting USAID and other corrupt money laundering schemes in the government is turning off the money spigot they need to spread their ideology. Their stranglehold on the culture has broken and now that its gone... I don't see it coming back for a long time because everyone is so sick and tired of wokeness. The few countries left that still embrace woke ideology (UK, Canada, Germany, Sweden, Australia, France, ect) have turned into the world's laughing stock. They get made fun of all the time on social media. I feel like the perception of woke countries now is almost as negative as the perception of really far right Middle Eastern countries. permalink glow-operator-2-0 3 points 8 hours ago I don't think the woke left is going to survive this term They needn't survive at all. Either they off themselves, or someone else will. That's their choice now. permalink Formerlurker92 3 points 8 hours ago I think this is the best explanation I've seen on this permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 29 points 12 hours ago Mostly peaceful Democracy permalink -f-b-i- 26 points 12 hours ago Gavin is to blame. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 25 points 12 hours ago Predictable permalink IAmRetard 19 points 11 hours ago This only ends when there are consequences permalink HelluvaEngineer 17 points 12 hours ago Just some joggin' goin' on. permalink bigdickhangsright 16 points 11 hours ago Or another tranny tragedy permalink DingleBalls 14 points 11 hours ago Another set-up to blame a "crazy right wing ahooter threatening left wing protesters" permalink Luvs_2_Bop 11 points 12 hours ago Probably wouldn’t be a bad thing to clean that place out….Texas “Republicans” have been very disappointing in recent years Edited to add “ “ permalink Nothing007 17 points 12 hours ago The Texas government has been taken hostage by fake "Republicans" who are doing everything they can to destroy the state. permalink Luvs_2_Bop 11 points 11 hours ago That’s pretty much my comment’s point. Not sure why it’s so unpopular permalink KekistanPM 3 points 10 hours ago Many people don't realize it. I didn't know this until a few years ago; and it explains a lot. permalink Taylor3006 2 points 9 hours ago They are not fakes, they are not RINOs. They are Bush era establishment republicans of the "compassionate conservative" variety. They still hold sway in Texas, MAGA politicians are way outnumbered by their ilk. permalink AngelMark2 1 points 1 hour ago It’s one big UNIPARTY grift! permalink Bldg_2019 -6 points 11 hours ago Nah, you’re a out of state troll or a blazed out of their mind Ron Paul retard pothead living in the swamp if you think that. Texas has never been better, state government wise…unless you’re a lefty or liberaltarian retard. permalink stonetears4fears 8 points 11 hours ago I’ve been seeing leftist posts on social media all day about “resisting” so this doesn’t surprise me. The crazy is about to combust. permalink MrMcGreenGenes 7 points 11 hours ago Beto funded is my bet. Lashing out after losing in court. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 6 points 9 hours ago President Trump needs to Deputize 100,000 MAGA people and let us take care of business. So many problems would be completely solved less than 1 week after organizing. permalink MythArcana 6 points 11 hours ago Chick at the end of the clip with the sign has a poor grasp of English grammar. Not a good look. Edit: I decided to demonstrate my point by modifying my own statement above to a more proper form: The chick with the sign at the end of the clip has a poor grasp of English grammar; it is not a good look for her. permalink permissible_missile 4 points 10 hours ago Greetings fellow properly-used semicolon enjoyer. permalink Klaus73 0 points 4 hours ago You could… ..it’s a..bad sign. permalink AmericanMan00 6 points 7 hours ago Be on the look out for man dressed as a woman, overweight and posting to reddit. permalink RoninIV 5 points 7 hours ago Leave it to the Dems to get violent, then blame us and guns. permalink Deltamyass 4 points 12 hours ago Party of love and acceptance permalink EagleNutz 4 points 9 hours ago Democrats always get violent when they don't get their way. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 3 points 8 hours ago Nah, they always pay others to do it using your money. permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 9 hours ago Democrats always get violent start murdering innocent people when they don't get their way. permalink Live_free_or_die_55 4 points 11 hours ago Another leftist communist looking for attention permalink INEEDAWEAPON117MAGA 3 points 10 hours ago If gun companies are guilty for fake mass shootings, why aren't politicians held accountable for inciting violence? permalink thisguy883 2 points 9 hours ago perk of being a politician. they can say what ever they want without repercussions. permalink Easzq8 3 points 5 hours ago Didn’t they ban the AfD? Why not ban the Democrat Party? permalink friedchicken 3 points 11 hours ago I can't corroborate this anywhere? permalink POTUS_DonnieJ 3 points 8 hours ago Abbot and the Texas GOP needs to take no prisoners, stop pussyfooting around the Dems and take the full +10 map, but only after arresting the runaways at the very least. permalink PoorMansPsychiatrist 3 points 11 hours ago Hmmmm, how can we blame Trump? permalink Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 11 hours ago They will bend over backwards to sniff their own farts in order to do so permalink lul_cheto 2 points 11 hours ago The active shooter will be sent a strongly worded letter. permalink CT2099 2 points 10 hours ago Apparently it was a vocal threat of shooting not active shooter permalink JamesBond007 2 points 11 hours ago The Party whose constituency is liberal terrorist and criminals, illegals, rapist and pedophiles that they defend to the death. WHO votes for these people and just WHY? permalink LibtardsAreTrash 2 points 11 hours ago If only conservatives had the balls of the left instead of waiting on a savior permalink Klaus73 1 points 4 hours ago The level damsell in distress is staggering. permalink Trump45SaltyCrew 2 points 9 hours ago It's time to outlaw the Democratic party as a terrorist organization. permalink Yawnz13 2 points 11 hours ago That's an awfully slow evacuation. permalink sorrytodisagree 2 points 10 hours ago Most democrats are so ignorant they couldn't even name their Governor or US Senators. But sure they care enough to protest district maps... Paid "protesters" aren't a thing. They're the democrat's private paramilitary of agitators and terrorists. permalink doomerglowie 1 points 8 hours ago We live in a nation with peoples that have incompatible cultures. We either purge all but one or fall like the Roman Empire. permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 1 points 10 hours ago Arrested? permalink suckmycorona 1 points 10 hours ago But yet all 3 letter agencies are still targeting white groups from the 70-80’s. Funny part is none of those groups actually performed terror or takeover activities of the government and comolelty ignore actual terror on our grounds. Patriot act in force permalink YT45 1 points 8 hours ago This will only end in blood. It’s just a question of when. permalink SomecatsareMAGA 1 points 11 hours ago Is it Mavy Crockett? permalink AustinTX 1 points 9 hours ago I literally live 3 blocks away, I'm out having a beer, and haven't hard shit. Calm down Karen permalink Burisma 1 points 2 hours ago Lol. Are the European leaders still here? They would be sitting their pants. Imagine it. "Ahhh they are doing it again!" permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 11 hours ago PROSECUTION OF SEDITION permalink Brownwaterboys 1 points 10 hours ago Democrats stalling permalink TurdBurglarGrimace 1 points 11 hours ago Its the evening, unless some people are pulling an all nighter on a tuesday at the end of summer, i doubt anybody was really there other than secuirty. permalink Jeffersonian_Man 1 points 2 hours ago Tbf I don't care if it's our side or theirs, if normal people want to shoot some politicians go for it. permalink MrJohnnyD2078 1 points 9 hours ago I "can't" believe the democrats would do this! Amazed! permalink Deporter 1 points 9 hours ago Abbott needs to cut them down with a mingun permalink SkepticalSkeptic 1 points 10 hours ago The video doesn't match the headline permalink JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 10 hours ago Known to the FBI permalink Seeing_Red 0 points 10 hours ago Obama is behind it. Every time permalink suckmycorona 0 points 10 hours ago I won’t hold breathe until reps play by the same rules. Bunch of neutered fags they are. permalink ProtestantPatriot -6 points 11 hours ago Demoncrats learned how to terrorism from their JESUIT overlords. Gunpowder plot anyone….? Lemme guess. That was the joos too 😭😭😭 cannot wait until you slow fucks catch up permalink Made_in_America 5 points 11 hours ago Stop trying to make “Jesuits run the world” happen. It’s not going to happen. https://media0.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTZjMDliOTUyMG1lbGR5ZzdydHRwYjRybmR4c3pyYnl1ajUxNTV0anE5dGYxbXl3NSZlcD12MV9naWZzX3NlYXJjaCZjdD1n/XBEoaajXTXaALzawSn/200.gif permalink ProtestantPatriot -2 points 11 hours ago Never said that, the Jesuits serve THE CHAIR, the chair runs the world, the chair seats the man of sin. You’re a fag. permalink BobSacano 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Lord_Cthulhu -10 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink RiffFantastic 7 points 12 hours ago Kill a commie for mommy permalink Lord_Cthulhu -4 points 11 hours ago Even if they claim to be GoP permalink DT170x 7 points 12 hours ago Found the Democrat permalink Made_in_America 5 points 11 hours ago And just think, after the re-districting there are going to be even more of them for you to hate. permalink 1456 The Texas Capitol grounds are now being EVACUATED due to an ACTIVE SH00TER threat, as Democrats protest the new U.S. House Maps. More leftist terrorlsm! posted 12 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 97 comments Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 12h 🚨 BREAKING: The Texas Capitol grounds are now being EVACUATED due to an ACTIVE SH00TER threat, as Democrats protest the new U.S. House Maps More leftist terrorlsm! This ONLY ENDS when the politicians who are encouraging it are ARRESTED!