1372 25% of Gen Z murdered by "safe and rare" ritual killing posted 16 hours ago by HuntsBiden 184 comments 184 comments Deep_Croak 134 points 16 hours ago That is genocide by design. permalink patrioticwinning3 61 points 16 hours ago Depopulation by globohomo. permalink ModernKnight 27 points 15 hours ago 28% honestly seems low. This might just be surgical abortions, not taking early-term chemical abortions into account. Also keep in mind that in certain states they don't even track the numbers being aborted, so a good bit of guess-work is required in any national estimates. For us millenials it's at least 1 in 3 who were aborted. permalink Aambrick 7 points 13 hours ago Its 38%-39% according to my friend. If taking everything into account there could be 5%-7% in the unaccounted portion. We don't really know the amount, but it is well into the high 30's. That what he told me without going into minute detail. He estimates that we have lost around 46 Million lives in terms of abortion. He, also, said that if counting generational terms then the number can honestly reach 79 Million - 93 Million in a 50 year time span starting in the 1970's. permalink WhitePowerRanger 3 points 8 hours ago That’s so fucked. permalink view 1 more comments... NotMyTyping -6 points 15 hours ago What are you considering chemical abortions? The morning-after pill? All that does is prevent fertilized eggs from implanting in the uterine wall, which is the case for ~50% of fertilized eggs even without the medication. But then, I'm a minister who got kicked out of the SBC for basing my views on what the bible said rather than what the church platform said. So take my views with a grain of salt. permalink humble_kekistani 6 points 14 hours ago a fertilized egg... you mean a human embryo with inalienable god-given rights? permalink view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 4 points 14 hours ago There are a variety of chemical abortions which can be performed up to 10 weeks into the pregnancy, and these are almost never considered in the statistics. I would not be counting the morning-after pill, because those are unknown whether or not those perform an abortion. The morning after pill is, when there is a fertilized egg, still an abortion, as human life (scientifically speaking) begins as soon as the sperm fertilizes the egg. Once the sperm fertilizes the egg it is a completely whole new genetic human being which shows all 7 scientific signs of life (has DNA, is composed of one or more cells, homeostasis, reacts to external stimuli, grows and develops, potential to reproduce, consumes resources). As for the 50% of fertilized eggs that do not properly implant, that is not a relevant point for if something is or is not an abortion. If there's a dangerous hiking path where half of all hikers who travel it fall off and die, I'd still be a murderer if I sat back with a rifle and shot the occasional hiker walking that trail. permalink MedicallyReddit 20 points 15 hours ago They all worship Satan one way or another permalink thepilotofmoya 2 points 10 hours ago When pressed, most of them will straight up admit it. permalink drmrboy 10 points 16 hours ago 👃👃👃👃👃👃👃. permalink TallestSkill 0 points 14 hours ago Hi Muslims ☪️ permalink deleted -1 points 15 hours ago cjcivicx 4 points 14 hours ago "Oy Vey! If people do t like us, they're Muslims, fellow Jews!" Fuck off back to Reddit. Edit: LMFAO! He deleted his post because he knew he'd exposed his Reddit ass permalink view 6 more comments... Bad_Wee -3 points 14 hours ago Nice signal with the nose. Tell us how the Jewish people are wanting to lower the world's population. permalink drmrboy 2 points 10 hours ago Just the White population. The Kalgeri Plan is not a myth. 🤓 permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 15 points 15 hours ago Without any constraints, women will revert to the most savage animals imaginable. permalink Wexit-Delecto 18 points 15 hours ago The bible is right about women. permalink Darthrift 10 points 15 hours ago It is. Are us men strong enough to do what God commanded and quit acquiescing to the feminine permalink OGpsywar 5 points 15 hours ago women will revert to the most savage animals imaginable And then be chattel to warlords, .. if they're lucky, .. or simply killed if they're unattractive / a waste of food, because they never actually had any power whatsoever but that which hard-won societies of men had hewn For them. permalink Bad_Wee -1 points 14 hours ago WTF are you guys talking about? I'm no biblical scholar but you all sound like you're reading from the koran. permalink thisperson 2 points 14 hours ago There is a verse that says the woman of loose moores (bad ethics) is the bane of society”s existence. There is also a psalm that says those who have the blood of the innocent (abortion) shall not enter heaven. permalink view 1 more comments... sordfysh PRO 3 points 14 hours ago These women are not without constraints. They are just without healthy constraints. Virtually all women seek men to rule over them. It's just a fact of life. Most women would have their baby if they had to make their own decision, but it's often either their abusive boyfriend, their nasty boss, or their psycho father who push them to get an abortion. In some cases, women say that they get abortions because they can't afford the kid, but it's been proven time and time again that you can always afford to have a kid. You just can't always afford the carefree lifestyle you might otherwise expect to have. Nonetheless, I don't think it's reasonable to expect every mother to be the primary caretaker for her child. A reasonable family would have someone to take in a neice, nephew, cousin, or grandchild. Westerners just need to spend more effort raising more kids. permalink IncredibleMrE1 9 points 15 hours ago All so those women could keep being whores. permalink SoulSurvivor 2 points 14 hours ago You just reminded me of Major General Peter Cosgrove, from Austrailia: https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/55178_700bwp.webp permalink joggin_noggin 2 points 12 hours ago One of my favorite apocryphal stories. permalink sordfysh PRO 1 points 14 hours ago Women can keep being whores as long as they just give their babies up for adoption and stay off drugs and alcohol for the 9 months of pregnancy. Nurture > nature. permalink NotYourMan 2 points 13 hours ago God is the final judge on these young women brain washed into killing their unborn children. But then for Nancy, Satan has a seat next to Diane. permalink LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 1 hour ago how can I work my barista job at starbucks if I'm saddled with a baby?!? permalink PenisDickWiener 46 points 16 hours ago It's time to bring back teenage pregnancies. Anyone growing up in the 90's knows what I mean. It was bigger than the war on drugs. permalink Illuminaughty 23 points 16 hours ago Hey man, Epstein was trying permalink Formerlurker92 17 points 16 hours ago Dark. Lol permalink NotDoneWinning 2 points 13 hours ago That was very dark. My wife will never understand my sense of humor. permalink WhiskeyAndCoffee 10 points 16 hours ago You'd be surprised with how many teenagers get pregnant and then get an abortion. Horny little bastards can't stop fucking to the point where birth control doesn't work. permalink Elencher 26 points 16 hours ago Which is why the solution isn’t abstinence, the solution is getting married early permalink tjohnson107 11 points 16 hours ago They'll just divorce later and screw over men. permalink Ch3f4554551n 3 points 10 hours ago Divorce needs to be illegal except in cases of abuse or neglect. It's right there in the vows. Men must protect and provide. Women must submit and stay faithful. permalink view 2 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 11 hours ago Especially now, when marriage is not viewed as something sacred and good. permalink DontTreadOnSnek 10 points 15 hours ago That's only half the solution. The other half is God. We need to return to a majority Christian nation. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 14 hours ago THIS!!! THIS is the answer!!! permalink RumorControl 7 points 16 hours ago Solves nothing those people would still be mad horny and likely end up cheating on their spouses. permalink movetofirefox 7 points 15 hours ago It solves the problem of mass murder. Adultery is a separate topic. permalink view 1 more comments... goatnuts 3 points 14 hours ago They need to be raised right then. There was a time in our society, and today there are societies, where it is taken as a given that vows will be honored. We can have that again, we just have to normalize social taboo against bad behavior. permalink view 3 more comments... imbackbish 2 points 15 hours ago they would cheat. they have phones. and the men can't support families. permalink Bad_Wee 0 points 14 hours ago This whole thread has been hijacked by pedophile goat fuckers. permalink Simpadoodledoo 15 points 16 hours ago Porn brain starting at age 9 and amoral empty sex culture... Not a surprise permalink NotMyTyping 6 points 14 hours ago Humans are horny... always have been, always will be. It's a necessary component for the propagation of the species. It's just societal expectations that have changed. Now you're expected to have a job, house, and stable finances before you marry... instead of being married off pretty much as soon as you're sexually viable. Humanity doesn't live in villages anymore, and it takes more than a few weeks work to have a basic dwelling place. More like 15-20 years of work, or a shit load of debt. So our society still expects sexual appetites to be sated within the bounds of marriage, even though we've pushed the practical age of marriage back by decades. permalink Coprolite 1 points 14 hours ago Better institute an internet id system. permalink PenisDickWiener 1 points 8 hours ago The whole, don't have kids, because they'll ruin your life propaganda hit mainstream in the 90's. It was the "we need to stop babies having babies" decade, and when abort out convince became normalized. permalink MedicallyReddit 0 points 14 hours ago Seriously though, how hard is it to just keep your legs closed… permalink drattastic1 1 points 11 hours ago Still going strong in da hood and the barrio. permalink 1777 1 points 7 hours ago Gen X went through some shit. They are the first generation women took pills not to have kids, Hollywood launched a bunch of movies against kids too like Rosemarys Baby, and the psychology of that time was kids were seen not heard, show no love and let them roam free and wild. permalink elmerecido 0 points 15 hours ago /Elon has joined the chat permalink newuser8 28 points 16 hours ago What's the race tho? At this point in time, we need start defending White people only and everyone else can continue killing themselves. Abortion clinics need to be prevalent in Hispanic and black neighborhoods on every street corner. Huge billboards. Abortion IS healthcare! permalink StoneRealist 31 points 15 hours ago Is that you Ms. Sanger? permalink Saint_Samurai 12 points 15 hours ago Dinesh D'Souza spoke about this in one of his documentaries. It was either the Obama one or the Hilary one. Many Democrats donate to Planned Parenthood requesting their clinics be built in black neighborhoods for this very reason. permalink ArchRespawnsAgain 2 points 11 hours ago Rare Democrat W permalink 37dwarves 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Jeffersonian_Man 1 points 2 hours ago Looks like a mix depending on area. White states are mostly white, black states mostly black. permalink Datamancer 23 points 15 hours ago My Lord, Jesus Christ have mercy on us. My Lord, Jesus Christ have mercy on us. My Lord, Jesus Christ have mercy on us. permalink Redeemable 3 points 2 hours ago No. No more mercy for murder. The abortionist's cup is full. permalink Robert 2 points 14 hours ago Friend, he will have mercy on the good. We need to pray that Jesus can and will save these people, not superficially, but truly save them so that they might realize their current behavior is NOT going to fly in His Kingdom. permalink RStroud 8 points 11 hours ago he will have mercy on the good Good people don't need mercy. The whole point of mercy is that they (and you and I) don't deserve it. Belief in one's own goodness is one of the biggest hurdles to salvation. Another is thinking his mercy is insufficient. permalink PastorCharles 21 points 16 hours ago In California, the pro-death cult used to say they wanted abortion to be "safe, legal and rare." Then, a few years ago, the state government bought some billboards to advertise that abortion was "safe and legal." Notice what word they dropped? permalink Error404 2 points 14 hours ago Several billboards where I'm at in California are the opposite. Obviously privately/personally funded by a Church/advocate group.. there's several and they stay up for a long time. I forget the specific messages but it's to the effect of every unborn child deserves to live, life is precious, ... that sort of thing. permalink Formerlurker92 17 points 16 hours ago If you count abortion as murder 1 in 5 women are murders and one in 12 are serial killers permalink Stallionstyle 15 points 16 hours ago Don't forget their "friends" that talked them into it. Co-conspirators permalink NZbacon 1 points 12 hours ago Those numbers are bullshit. permalink Formerlurker92 3 points 9 hours ago https://www.brookings.edu/articles/abortion-in-the-us-what-you-need-to-know/ You know what, you are right. Its actually 1 in 4 women end up murderers and 1 in 10 end up serial killers (3 or more). Thanks for making me check. It's much worse than originally thought permalink NZbacon 1 points 6 hours ago Abortion numbers include natural miscarriages. Which affect about 1/4 of all pregnancies. Many of which happen so early the mother didn't know. permalink ColonelKlink 16 points 16 hours ago Americans murdering their own babies and being replaced by millions of illegal aliens. All planned out by communists. permalink rebuildingMyself 3 points 13 hours ago All so they can work harder and pay taxes to finance said replacements (who are multiplying like rats with all the free gibs) permalink m0ntsta 16 points 16 hours ago While this is a moral abomination can you imagine if we had 25% more feral young blacks on the streets?!? I may have to rethink my whole stance on killing babies. permalink patrioticwinning3 4 points 16 hours ago You realize although disproportionately high numbers of Black women, the majority of them came from White women...right? permalink Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 16 hours ago Leftist white women. permalink blackpepe 2 points 13 hours ago corrupted and brainwashed women, there is redemption from the devil and many live to regret these decisions permalink _Eric_Ciaramella_ 1 points 13 hours ago less children being indoctrinated permalink Froynlavenfroynlaven 2 points 16 hours ago Proportion matters. permalink m0ntsta 1 points 14 hours ago White women, and what race were the sperm donors in most cases? I stand by my statement. permalink NotMyTyping 1 points 14 hours ago I mean... this was the whole point of the eugenics program back in the late 1800s and early 1900s, before the whole idea got associated with Hitler and blackballed. It's also why we could freely allow immigrant labor - we only allowed male immigrants, who worked for a few years then went back home to start a family with their newfound wealth. Nowadays they bring their family and want to stay. permalink _Hard_R 3 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink AtheistTrumper 6 points 16 hours ago Nah I think it's better to just keep passing that burden on to the next generation permalink Royalseq 3 points 15 hours ago Its sad this needs a /s permalink stars -1 points 15 hours ago "Let's ethnically cleanse the people brought to this country against their will in the 1600s before the vast majority of White Americans and forced into brutal forced labor for an economy they were not allowed to participate in, were routinely lashed and raped by slave masters and who contributed to our nations rise by fuelling the agrarian economy in the south and industrial economies in the north". Textbook example of how safe space echo chambers create/bring out your absolute worst self. permalink XlDEN 8 points 15 hours ago Well, the pre-Stone Age gatherers should be finally set free, far away from the seemingly arbitrary standards of behavior on which civilization functions. Then they can finally wallow in a world of their own creation. Cut them off from civilization entirely and within 100 years they will be living exactly as they had for 250,000+ years. This newish faith-based “everyone is the same” religion will spell the end of civilization. permalink NotMyTyping -5 points 14 hours ago The difference is not genetic. It's cultural. Humans are humans, regardless of superficial visual differences... but culturally we're very different. That is what differentiates us, not skin tone or facial shape. It's all a matter of culture, or to use the language of Dawkins, memetics rather than genetics. Take a child of any ethnicity, raise them from birth as an American without exposure to alternate cultures, and they will end up just as American as you and I. permalink view 6 more comments... DontTreadOnSnek 4 points 15 hours ago people brought to this country against their will They captured each other and sold each other as slaves. Also, the people who owned the ships weren't even White. permalink stars -2 points 15 hours ago Still brought to the Americas against their will and no the majority of the ship owners were White not da Jooos as your kind wish they were. permalink view 1 more comments... Wiggle-Hard 4 points 15 hours ago Fine they get to stay but they must move to delaware and stay there, then we build a wall and they can focus on engineering and space flight for an eternity. Im sure the body count won’t be too high :) permalink GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 15 hours ago No to Delaware! I still live there! permalink Wanderlust 1 points 14 hours ago No, most American whites are related to the first colonies in America. And he didn't say genocide. War to send them back to Africa would be ideal. permalink stars 2 points 14 hours ago The majority of American Whites immigrated in the 1800s, first African slaves were brought in 1619 and the majority for the rest of the century and 1700s. It's ethnic cleaning what he is advocating for which is considered a crime against humanity and can be considered a form of genocide. permalink view 3 more comments... StoneRealist 1 points 15 hours ago It's ironic considering how much better this place claims to be than reddit. Same coin, different side. permalink 37dwarves 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink RedPillosopher1776 12 points 16 hours ago All so that women can continue being whores. permalink Zyxl 2 points 4 hours ago It's not just the women permalink Immafancyboy 11 points 16 hours ago Remember this when they tell you that nobody is having babies and we need to import third world immigrants. permalink RumorControl 10 points 16 hours ago If a war/famine/plague took out almost 30% of the youth we would be remembering that tragedy for lifetimes but because their own mothers murdered them in the womb we give it a pass. permalink patrioticwinning3 8 points 16 hours ago This is disgusting! May God, enlighten women to the horrors they are doing! permalink stars 2 points 15 hours ago Do you think the same for users here who justify and even celebrate non White abortions? permalink neveser 7 points 15 hours ago Wonder how that stack up to gen X, the first generation women took pills not to have. permalink booblitchutz 1 points 2 hours ago Don’t forget abortion was legalized in 1973, too. Many GenX are lucky to have survived permalink MythArcana 6 points 16 hours ago There will be no mercy on us when Jesus comes. permalink Wexit-Delecto 5 points 15 hours ago I wonder why we need so much replacement immigration? permalink lefty295 5 points 16 hours ago Oh look an actual genocide that isn’t just war. permalink HurtzLocker 5 points 16 hours ago "What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun." Just a modern iteration of child sacrifice and the cult of Moloch. permalink TheMrStone 4 points 16 hours ago That's The fear of God is severely lacking in this nation. We will learn to fear Him sooner or later, or we will perish permalink Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 16 hours ago I'd like to see the breakdown of exactly how many abortions were due to complications during pregnancy, the poor baby dying in the womb, rape, etc., versus which ones were done by sluts just using abortion as though it were birth control. If you remove the sluts and only look at the numbers of people using abortion in real emergency situations, I bet that number is in the single digits. permalink uxername27 10 points 15 hours ago Less than 1% according to Charlie Kirk. permalink GuerillaYourDreams 4 points 15 hours ago Yep, and those figures come from PP. permalink CommieCrats 3 points 15 hours ago CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR IF YOU ARE EXPERIENCING GENOCIDE HESITANCY. -Brought to you by phizer and the bill and Melinda gates foundation permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 14 hours ago Kek! permalink ModsAreCucked 3 points 15 hours ago Numbers so big that the terror defies the human imagination. One death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic. — Stalin permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 3 points 15 hours ago Human sacrifice by every measure. permalink marriedwitchfarmvote 3 points 12 hours ago The flesh of the poor used to benefit the wealthy. permalink behemoth887 3 points 15 hours ago mass abortion + "wtf the population is decreasing we need more subhuman iqs from the worst countries on the planet" how strange permalink LiveFreeorDie0729 3 points 12 hours ago Good news... 95% of them would have been raised Democrat. permalink Bandanna1 2 points 15 hours ago This is not looking good for social security lmao permalink CanadianTrump2 2 points 15 hours ago Link? Sources? Love to use if accurate permalink Creepy_Joe 2 points 9 hours ago Imagine all the Democrat voters they could have had. permalink dontdrinksoy 2 points 15 hours ago Well, fuck. permalink SqRt7744 2 points 7 hours ago Many perfectly polite seeming people around you are literally monsters. The devil is real and he's captured many souls. permalink cook_does 2 points 13 hours ago Only in western countries. Africa and India are still baby mills. permalink PureBloodPurePatriot 2 points 14 hours ago Hoe’s be needin a rewards card at Planned parenthood, dayam. permalink NeverBeFat 2 points 14 hours ago Gen Z is defined as born between 1995 and 2014, or those (as of this writing) between 11 and 30 years old. Their parents would have mostly been the previous generation (Millennials, 1980-1994 or 31 - 45 years old). Roe v Wade was passed in 1973, so the Millennials were the first generation born with child murder allowed and celebrated. Sounds like they took it to heart. permalink TravelingSalesman 2 points 11 hours ago I just assumed that everyone born before me is a boomer and everyone born after is a millennial. permalink Scipio_Americanus 1 points 15 hours ago Is it twenty five or twenty eight? permalink MJPalazzolo 1 points 10 hours ago Sociologists once thought generations as being no more that eighteen years apart as per Thomas Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson believed that each generation should have the right to govern itself and that laws should not bind future generations. He thought that a new generation, roughly every 18 years, should have the opportunity to create its own government and laws, reflecting the changing values and needs of society. Boomers: 1946 to 1964 (18 years) Gen X: 1964 to 1982 (18 years) Gen Y: 1982 to 2000 (18 years) Gen Z (aka, Millennials): 2000 to 2018 (18 years) Millennials 2.0: 2018 to 2036 permalink billybaldwin2 1 points 15 hours ago Uh there were way more abortions before the 90s. Before the pills. We went from like 1.2 million a year to 600 thousand. permalink Texas_Pride 1 points 15 hours ago Completely insane permalink MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 15 hours ago Whites not Muslims, Mexicans, Africans or indians permalink Tardigrade 2 points 15 hours ago Many black Americans too. permalink AslanFan 1 points 10 hours ago Please excuse me, but my heart just sank to my feet. permalink Methodmapper 1 points 16 hours ago Holy Fck permalink utfanx2 1 points 15 hours ago Racist too. Mega clinics in Inner cities. permalink Nomad899 1 points 10 hours ago It is because we need room for our replacements permalink AtheistTrumper 1 points 15 hours ago We need robotic wombs and a revamped adoption/foster care system. Then there will be absolutely no reason for abortion to exist as a practice. And it helps solve the population collapse. permalink RyanKeyOh 1 points 12 hours ago High chance those would have been white babies permalink johnparker 1 points 10 hours ago Liberal white women should not reproduce. permalink DudeNoOne 1 points 11 hours ago Which part of gen Z? permalink Bldg_2019 1 points 15 hours ago It’s a shit generation, but still shouldn’t have happened. permalink sorrytodisagree 1 points 15 hours ago That must have been all the good Zoomers... permalink Donold 1 points 15 hours ago now do the jewish community. permalink Albertepstein32 1 points 14 hours ago Lefties love their bowies permalink DEPORT50M 0 points 7 hours ago But it's mostly the black and Hispanic ones. permalink Kael 0 points 10 hours ago Of that 28%, what is the racial breakdown, the immigrant status breakdown, and the reasons given for procedure breakdown? permalink AssPhixEAtion627 -1 points 14 hours ago Luckily theyre mostly blax. permalink ProtestantPatriot -2 points 15 hours ago Vatican City approves this message permalink SteelDriver -6 points 16 hours ago Yowza. Overpopulation would be a huge problem if this weren't the case. Of course, I'd rather people just acted responsibly instead of murdering their way out. :/ permalink BobSacano 0 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 37dwarves 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1372 25% of Gen Z murdered by "safe and rare" ritual killing posted 16 hours ago by HuntsBiden 184 comments