1624 Trump says Smithsonian is 'OUT OF CONTROL,' will be dealt with like the colleges were (thepostmillennial.com) posted 17 hours ago by Sea_Still 111 comments BREAKING: Trump says Smithsonian is ‘OUT OF CONTROL,’ will be dealt with like the colleges were “The Smithsonian is OUT OF CONTROL, where everything discussed is how horrible our Country is.” thepostmillennial.com 111 comments 3DogNight 146 points 17 hours ago Expel the communists. Reclaim our heritage. permalink HurtzLocker 77 points 17 hours ago Your phone autocorrected "execute" to "expel." permalink Formerlurker92 19 points 17 hours ago This is the compromise presidency. If the gentlemans expulsion is not gonna work, them we move on to dropping them out of helicopters permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 8 points 16 hours ago Your phone autocorrected "incinerate" to execute. permalink The_Return_of_User_x 5 points 16 hours ago Okay, hold up. I think you mean Excel, like a spreadsheet. And by that, I mean shove them in a computer. permalink HurtzLocker 4 points 16 hours ago Stop. You're triggering flashbacks of grad school. permalink Formerlurker92 3 points 16 hours ago I'm sure somebody wants to make an ai chat bot out of human brains. Maybe even user x permalink VA-Pede 1 points 6 hours ago Why would you look inside a communist for human brains? permalink PoxWalker 75 points 17 hours ago The Smithsonian is too valuable to just "fire everyone" or "cut off their money". Their collections are huge and the vast majority of their curators and researchers just spend their days behind the scenes preserving and documenting things. The people that need to be fired are all of their "display managers" and "public coordinators". The people actually in charge of what the public sees. The parts of the collections actually on display to the public represents about 0.001% of all they own, which means someone had to hand pick that shit to display. 99% of the people in charge of that shit are the Brendas and Karens of the world with degrees in "Outreach" and "Inclusivity" permalink Bushwookiee07 74 points 17 hours ago They also make inconvenient artifacts disappear. The Smithsonian covers up a ton of stuff. They have for decades. permalink PoxWalker 33 points 17 hours ago That's just all research fields all the time. Inconvenient data, artifacts, books. You name it. permalink SneakyWino 15 points 17 hours ago Yes, academia is completely fraudulent. I was a first year grad student and was tasked with editing and approving submissions to two major publications. Papers were submitted with numbers included you could NEVER verify. It was pure BS to get published and no one ever fact checked any of it. permalink PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 17 hours ago yeah ikwym. it turns out that many 'authorities' are just emperor's with no clothes and 'factual information' is merely conjecture from said authority. so much of the world is just propaganda. permalink view 3 more comments... jhewish 12 points 17 hours ago This is the major problem. It's a government agency that censors inconvenient history. Billions of artifacts under lock and key. permalink ravonaf 10 points 15 hours ago Just the numerous reports of the actual bones of giants alone are enough to make your head explode. Bones that have been turned over to them and disappeared, or they swoop into a site and confiscate everything. I'm 100% convinced the "museum" is just a front. Their real job is to cover up the truth. permalink Galahad175 2 points 3 hours ago I came here to find this comment. permalink MegoThor 2 points 10 hours ago “Top. Men.” permalink PSX_X 6 points 16 hours ago Unless you're Sweden's African-born Prime Minister, Alice Bah Kuhnke, and you order Viking artifacts be turned into scrap metal because you hate White people and want to erase their culture off the face of the Earth. Viking Artefacts Over a Millennium Old are Being Turned Into Scrap Metal Because of Multi-Culturalism The systematic destruction of Sweden's cultural heritage permalink GoldwaterVoter 1 points 11 hours ago " the daughter of a Gambian father and a Swedish mother." So some lefty/lib/commie Swedish girl thought marrying an African man would be a good idea. permalink view 2 more comments... 1777 1 points 14 hours ago UNESCO exits like Homer in the bushes. permalink SPEDMan64 9 points 16 hours ago Bring out the giant skeletons and the Egyptian artifacts from the Grand Canyon!!! permalink malooch 1 points 15 hours ago Sasquatch permalink LaVaughnRobinson 6 points 17 hours ago Yea letme see the Egyptian artifacts from the Grand Canyon that poof gone. permalink Seldom_Seen_Kid 5 points 15 hours ago Giants’ bones for one permalink Walt_Kowalski 8 points 17 hours ago Let's see them display the Lovelock skull and skeletons and artifacts from the Windover, Florida site. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 5 points 16 hours ago Just did a 5 minute rabbit hole on each of them. The lovelock remains are super extraordinary, but the Windover community just looked like a nomadic native american tribe with an unusual burial technique that was crazy good as preserving their remains. permalink Walt_Kowalski 3 points 13 hours ago The Windover remains have no observed genetic ties to modern Native Americans. Early on their DNA was declared most similar to modern Europeans. Now corrupt "science" simply claims, without evidence, that they came from Asia via the Bering Straight. Like the Lovelock, Nevada tribes, the Windover people lived near lakes and marshes and wove their clothing. Look into the Solutrean Hypothesis. Leftists and American Indians don't like considering that some NA ancestors came from Europe, even though they would be their direct ancestors and not those of modern European-Americans. Political correctness has ruined Anthropology. It's why I'm an electrician and not teaching Anthropology, lol. permalink 4886Battery 4 points 14 hours ago They used to display probably 20x the number of artifacts, it was great for people like me who appreciate seeing prime examples of items typically only seen in books or spoken of. Then they changed from a curated artifact to a curated narrative type of "museum", and obviously the narrative was Marxist wokeism in theme. permalink CMDRConanAAnderson 2 points 13 hours ago Taped banana best I can do. permalink malooch 2 points 15 hours ago Pretty sure they have a lot of stuff they keep from the public too permalink OkieDoker 32 points 17 hours ago This times a million. I went out there this year and it was full of retarded stuff permalink Two_scoops_two_terms 8 points 17 hours ago Like what? permalink Doritalos 24 points 16 hours ago In the Field Museum I went into an exhibit titled "kings and queens of ancient Europe" or some shit. Well one of the "exhibits" pondered LGBTQ plus representation in the neolithic age because, get this, a hatchet was buried next to a woman's body. Imagine being so woke you think this applies to modern gender roles, while trying to simultaneously state such roles don't exist. permalink MaxineWaters4Prez 12 points 16 hours ago It was her best cooking knife. permalink HumblePig 5 points 16 hours ago They wanna tell us she was out there making axe wounds in people as an expression of what she wanted to rub her own axe wound against? Bold. permalink MAGA_mantis 9 points 17 hours ago Probably DEI and woke. permalink KartoffelPuffer 3 points 11 hours ago Last time I went it was appalling how childish, incorrect, or outright imaginary many exhibits were. Totally embarrassing for the USA's premier museum. permalink Antenna 21 points 17 hours ago Great! Be sure to open up the basement and expose all the hidden archeological and anthropological treasures like the giant skeletons. All the evidence of a history they don't want us to see. permalink Wexit-Delecto 11 points 17 hours ago Europeans were in North America first. permalink Bohemyth_2 11 points 16 hours ago The end of raiders of the lost ark, never ending warehouse permalink PROCIsAsshoe 9 points 16 hours ago The possibility I'm most intrigued by is the claim that there was an archaeological dig in a remote area of the Grand Canyon's Colorado River basin in the early 1900s that uncovered artifacts similar to those we associate with Ancient Egypt. That's a pretty fun 'what-if' Indiana Jones type of conspiracy that I'd love to hear more about. The story is attributable to a man that claimed to have located some sort of cliff-side dwelling and then he contacted the Smithsonian and they agreed to come in and examine the claim. I recall there being newspaper articles from the period of time that corroborate the story but ofc nowadays the Smithsonian tries to gaslight over the accuracy of the story. permalink SPEDMan64 7 points 16 hours ago There are sections of the Canyon off-limits to the public, and trespassing will bring security of a very governmental nature. permalink PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 16 hours ago yeah, that element usually gets brought up also with the story I mentioned and I had forgotten about that! tyvm permalink XlDEN 2 points 16 hours ago Those are mostly tribal lands. permalink Galahad175 1 points 3 hours ago The claim N.A. was first inhabited 10,000 years ago is bullshit in my opinion. People have been here way before that, 25k minimum. There also had to be a frequent path of travel as well to transfer ideas on building (e.g., pyramids). permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 17 hours ago If that existed it wouldn't be under the floorboards like a disney movie. It would be in a guarded vault in the mountains or other subterranean lock box. permalink Psarg 2 points 12 hours ago The History Channel pushes retarded conspiracies like aliens and giants to distract people from real conspiracies. permalink bearhugprolapse 17 points 17 hours ago the smithsonian is one of the most straight-pinkied bunch of shitheads in this country. if you ever want to watch a bunch of assholes shit and brag to their colleagues about how great it smells, talk to the fucksticks at the smithsonian. permalink Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 4 points 16 hours ago Commie Pinko Faggot. A blast from the past. https://youtu.be/vJ_b0iBRhgA?si=oYqlZZWifWJgGyAv permalink ColonelKlink 15 points 17 hours ago Cut off their money. permalink MayorOfCentralia 13 points 16 hours ago My favorite was when Chuck Yeager died and they snubbed him on the cover of Smithsonian magazine to feature African American mail pilots. Freaking joke. permalink airborne3502 10 points 17 hours ago Was a big deal to go to the Smithsonian when I was a kid. That experience leaves a deep impression. Best to be a positive one. permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 8 points 16 hours ago It was a GREAT deal! My mother took my brothers and me there a lot growing up in the 70s and 80s. We adored it. Many a school field trips there too. I got to go back in 2016 when dad was interred in Arlington. It wasn't as cool since we were some of the ONLY Americans. We skipped the black propaganda and had a nice time in spite of the bs. Will definitely go back when Trump takes out the trash. I'm glad my dad didn't witness the insanity that overran this country in such a short time period. permalink Porkchop-express 9 points 17 hours ago Where are the red headed giants? permalink Bushwookiee07 8 points 17 hours ago They have three giant stone sarcophagi. They claim they’re in a contaminated warehouse though, so no one can go see them. permalink TheOneWhoKnocks 1 points 10 hours ago Don't worry. They have top men on it right now. Top men. permalink Big_Dog 7 points 16 hours ago I recently visited Kelvingrove Museum in Glasgow, Scotland. They had a George Floyd exhibit. It read “They stepped on his neck until he died.” Pissed me off so bad I could not even bring myself to photograph it. permalink PowerOfBlues 4 points 15 hours ago Sean Hannity agrees......"George Floyd was murdered by a racist cop" "Look....even that right wing nut Sean Hannity said it" And that's what makes the controlled opposition our greatest enemy permalink GeneticsGuy 6 points 15 hours ago The Smithsonian has become an anti-white monument of white hatred and white guilt, run by academic elites. It should be remade appropriately all those woke people thrown out permalink HearDatHoDat 6 points 17 hours ago I went to the African American “History “ museum last summer. It’s basically a giant cinder block structure with 4 exhibits. Huge waste of space and money. permalink KartoffelPuffer 1 points 11 hours ago Hopefully the exhibits have been stolen or graffitied for full accuracy. permalink DrJosephWarren 6 points 16 hours ago Yeah I remember when they kicked a guy in a MAGA hat out, a while back. Pepe Farms remembers . permalink PatriotDescendant 6 points 16 hours ago My wife and I were there several years ago and I left in disgust. (My wife is not as political as I am and just ignored all the anti-USA exhibits...believe me, I was as angry at her for her staying as she was for me leaving.) permalink Albo22 6 points 17 hours ago Trump 2.0 is unstoppable permalink NoWinning4U 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink japplekun 6 points 17 hours ago Has their investigation into the noose they 'found' 8 years ago gone anywhere? permalink 1True-translation 6 points 17 hours ago Academia in general has gone full woke communist. permalink MarshallB 1 points 17 hours ago Academia went full woke in the 19th century permalink jsphere256 5 points 17 hours ago "WTF I love museums now" - MSNBC permalink HellNoKameltoe 5 points 16 hours ago museums are there to show hard facts about the current understanding about what IS, not woke interpretations, feelings, sensationalism or "protecting groups". permalink LostSailor 5 points 17 hours ago Poso's website is cancer when trying to open it up with built in browser from this app. I think I closed like 10 pop-ups. permalink throatbiscuit 5 points 17 hours ago I got none on Brave browser. It does say it blocked 14 though. permalink MythArcana 5 points 17 hours ago Eliminating DEI is to eliminate a bulk of the problems. Eliminating all democrats alleviates all of our problems. RINOs can be dealt with the old fashioned way. permalink Desktop 4 points 13 hours ago Please do libraries next. Any library that held a drag queen story time needs to cut off from any federal money. permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 4 points 16 hours ago We need another Joe McCarthy permalink TheOneWhoKnocks 1 points 10 hours ago We are all Joseph McCarthy. permalink Chuj 4 points 15 hours ago The museum curators must all be replaced permalink BirthHole 4 points 15 hours ago Every single square inch of DC is out of control. permalink Pdjco658 4 points 15 hours ago Remember when the Smithsonian said being on time and using proper grammar was "White Supremacy"???? I remember. It was so ridiculous it had to be retracted because even the most liberal people were aboustely embarrassed by this nonsense. permalink Another_ID 3 points 16 hours ago It was founded for the, "Establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge". The opposite of woke propaganda. permalink goldwater4ever 2 points 16 hours ago Clif High said some interesting things about this last week.. https://clifhigh.substack.com/p/changes-8ed permalink KarenLukasik 2 points 16 hours ago Love it.This man is covering a lot of territory… permalink cptkloss5 2 points 16 hours ago let me guess, the top management is full of jews? permalink ElectricDragon- 2 points 14 hours ago Good, absolutely hammer those woke retards permalink Restore_Sanity_alt 2 points 17 hours ago Hecklefish nailed it 🐟 permalink SPEDMan64 1 points 16 hours ago Why? permalink Norenia 1 points 14 hours ago Remember that "Culture of Whiteness" flyer they put up? ... Yeah, if that's white supremacy, then I'm not against it. permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 11 hours ago QRD: the "Smithsonians" are basically a men in black for history; they are a shadowy group that say they "safeguard history" but in reality engage in all manner of cover ups, to hide the truth from the world. permalink Texasnumber1 1 points 14 hours ago Giants exist and the smithsonian has covered it up permalink DontTreadOnSnek 1 points 15 hours ago Wake me up when they are forced to display the Nephilim skeletons and other hidden aspects of history. permalink maga_gal2 1 points 16 hours ago I'd like to know details here... Let's step back for a second. This is not a good look. I dont want the next democrat doing shit like this. permalink Keith 1 points 15 hours ago Two well-known institutions in D.C. will benefit from funding in the COVID-19 relief bill passed by Congress. The Smithsonian Museum is set to receive $1 billion and authorizes the creation of the new museums: the American Women's History Museum and the National Museum of the American Latino Remember when they passed that covid relief bill so we could all get $1200 during covid and Ukraine received a billion dollars and then inflation increased by $10K a year for a family of 4? permalink GenWashington 1 points 16 hours ago Wait until people find out how they hide our history before Mankind was here. All of the Giant bones from the 1800's and forward are stored away in the museum. Mainly due to the academics are typically anti-God. They don't want the evidence the stories about Giants, The GREAT FLOOD and other stories in the Bible have historical records that can be connected and proven. permalink ArtLife 1 points 14 hours ago See, I figured his main complaint was to showcase American exceptionalism and get rid of woke displays. That's all well and good, but are they going to go in the basements and find everything they are hiding down there? Lots of stories from the 19th century where the Smithsonian shows up at a discovery and the giant skeleton is never seen or heard of again. permalink mmasquer 1 points 16 hours ago i donated, belonged to Associates, subscribed to magazine for many years, attended frequently when stationed in or traveled to NCR. Every aspect was fascinating - until the OBOZO and Michael make American Tranny Again years. First clue was the Hiroshima exit claiming the US committed genocide on the Japanese. Then their "American Indian" chairman jetted all over in first class with huge salary saying US was colonist slave and "indigenous" oppressors. That did it for me, not a dime since. Visited one time since, didn't even make it for a half hour thru one exhibit hall before leaving in utter disgust. permalink GoldwaterVoter 1 points 11 hours ago Outrageous that commies have been presenting US history to foreign visitors for decades. permalink RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 9 hours ago Release the Giant Skeleton Files! permalink ThouShallNotSteal 1 points 17 hours ago Yes! Defund then into submission. permalink MudDog 1 points 17 hours ago he's gonna steal the declaration of independence permalink SPEDMan64 1 points 16 hours ago Personally I prefer the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center as I build model aircraft. permalink Nipplebuddy 0 points 13 hours ago Release the Bigfoot files! permalink sofntired 1 points 15 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Donnie_Bro 1 points 17 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1624 Trump says Smithsonian is 'OUT OF CONTROL,' will be dealt with like the colleges were (thepostmillennial.com) posted 17 hours ago by Sea_Still 111 comments BREAKING: Trump says Smithsonian is ‘OUT OF CONTROL,’ will be dealt with like the colleges were “The Smithsonian is OUT OF CONTROL, where everything discussed is how horrible our Country is.” thepostmillennial.com