1549 Secretary Sean Duffy : This cannot happen again. . @FMCSA is launching an investigation into both the driver and White Hawk Carrier. posted 16 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 164 comments 164 comments champdog 90 points 16 hours ago Lawsuits inbound. permalink lolpaladins 60 points 16 hours ago sorry, judge in hawaii says that dmv employees have qualified immunity for giving out licenses to illegals permalink glow-operator-2-0 25 points 16 hours ago The judge and the whole court can follow their precious alien straight to hell, one bang at a time. permalink champdog 17 points 16 hours ago Dang it! (said in Napolean Dynamite) permalink sola_scriptura 4 points 13 hours ago Time to throw tater tots permalink CerebralPimp 4 points 14 hours ago Stephen Miller drops an Uno Reverse card on the Hawaiian Resident. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 33 points 15 hours ago Duffy should pull the carrier's DOT registration (USDOT number) for every trucking company using illegal immigrant drivers. Put them all out of business. permalink champdog 7 points 14 hours ago America first! permalink Here_we_go 3 points 15 hours ago But the cdl they get are the same as joe smith America born it seems. permalink Spunas1 2 points 11 hours ago White hawk is gone, and getting a new name and number as we speak permalink Here_we_go 18 points 16 hours ago No it should be a federal cdl only. You cannot trust liberal states. All cdl drivers should have an automatic in person renewal with on the road test conducted by feds. Everyone currently with a cdl has a 1 year grace to schedule and pass the new testing. All cdls issued by states will now have a 1yr expiration with an expiration of sept 1,2026. My thoughts anyway. permalink Madnote1984 28 points 15 hours ago Fuck you. I'm not jumping through a bunch of bullshit hoops to solve a government created problem. This entire issue can be solved in two years by requiring drivers to read a random section of the FMCSA handbook and writing a paragraph in English on a lined form that's then included in the long-form physical paperwork. This can be done at the bi-annual physical that is required and signed off by the federal certified physician. Every CDL holder in the country will have to have this done by today's date in 2027. I already can't renew online, pay more for my license, pass regular random drug tests, and have a physical every two years. Why should I suffer more bullshit? The damned US DOT and FMCSA can suspend company operations for many reasons. All trucking companies are issued a DOT# to operate under. Tomorrow, they could send out warnings saying if you are found to be employing someone who cannot read or speak English your company will suffer license suspension and review. They can also use data to find out where all these illegals are testing and target them, and/or shit those schools down. The rest of us are professional and are citizens. They created this problem. Don't burden me with it. permalink dr_gonzo 6 points 14 hours ago The "drug" tests slay me. The government thinks a white guy with a 125 IQ is less capable of driving an 18 wheeler on Monday because he smoked a joint on Saturday, than an illegal immigrant that can't even speak English. Not to mention, I'm pretty sure they don't test for alcohol, which absolutely impairs your driving more than any other drug I'm aware of except maybe LSD or shrooms or something. Even then it's a close call. It's so damn arbitrary. But I agree with you. I'm not in favor of centralizing licensing power. Anytime someone on our side thinks centralizing power may be a good idea they need to reconsider whether or not they're being manipulated. A core tenet of leftism is the centralization of power. permalink AussieTrumpFan 4 points 12 hours ago Have you ever encountered a drug-impaired driver on the road before? Let alone one piloting a semi-trailer? I'm all for truck drivers receiving the same medical consideration as pilots (and should be paid commensurate, too...). permalink SomethingNondescript -1 points 12 hours ago Fuck you. I'm not jumping through a bunch of bullshit hoops to solve a government created problem. proceeds to provide their version of approved government hoops... requiring drivers to read a random section of the FMCSA handbook and writing a paragraph in English on a lined form that's then included in the long-form physical paperwork. dumbass permalink Madnote1984 5 points 11 hours ago proceeds to provide their version of approved government hoops... I suggested a small amendment to the already required process that would take about 5 minutes. Dumbass... With arguments like this, no wonder your original idea was so stupid. You clearly misunderstand the current process to obtain and maintain a CDL as my suggestions were simple fixes to already required processes , instead of your idiotic nonsense. permalink view 1 more comments... Here_we_go 0 points 12 hours ago 😆 🤣 😂 permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -6 points 15 hours ago Under what power of congress? And you would struggle getting such a law even passed to begin with. permalink gravenspine 7 points 15 hours ago Commerce Clause. That's easy. I don't agree with it though. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -4 points 15 hours ago How is driving a vehicle weighing more than 26000 pounds intra state inherently constitute interstate commerce? permalink view 3 more comments... AlohaSnackbar 5 points 15 hours ago Interstate commerce clause. Oddly, this would be about the only time in the last 150 years it would actually be used for it's intended purpose. That said, yes, it would likely require an act of congress, and good luck with that. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -5 points 15 hours ago How is driving a vehicle weighing more than 26000 pounds intra state inherently constitute interstate commerce? permalink view 2 more comments... The_Michael 3 points 15 hours ago Interstate commerce falls directly under the control of the federal government. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -4 points 15 hours ago How is driving a vehicle weighing more than 26000 pounds intra state inherently constitute interstate commerce? permalink Here_we_go 2 points 15 hours ago If the FAA does pilot licenses, then they can do cdls. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -5 points 15 hours ago That doesnt answer the question permalink Forgototherpassword 4 points 15 hours ago They made it much harder to get a CDL a few years ago. Unless you're an illegal? permalink jml1997 1 points 13 hours ago There better be some criminal charges coming. permalink TexasRepublic 72 points 16 hours ago This WILL happen again. And again. The outrage will subside, but the cause will not be dealt with. I am a long haul driver. I see accidents like this often. The American Trucker Association, along with large carriers like SWIFT, Schneider, JB Hunt, and others deliberately caused a retention problem, not a driver shortage, by bringing in foreign workers who work for slave wages. The industry is corrupt, and good drivers simply cannot compete with the firehose of incompetent drivers and companies willing to cut every corner and race to the bottom for cheap freight rates. Until the narrative of “driver shortage” stops and switches to the real problem of retention by allowing actual market rates pay companies and drivers a reasonable wage and profit, this will keep happening. permalink Badfinz_FL 27 points 16 hours ago ^^^ This pede trucks ^^^ (Close relative was the director of safety at Carroll Fulmer, now out of business) permalink glow-operator-2-0 24 points 16 hours ago Snitch on the carriers and alert ICE of where to focus enforcement. permalink live_free 17 points 15 hours ago Get James O’Keefe to station undercover lot lizards across the country. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 9 points 15 hours ago TOP KEK!!! THIS must happen. permalink glow-operator-2-0 2 points 14 hours ago Bruh-bruh. Smartphones and the HSI (now mostly ICE) tip line: https://www.ice.gov/webform/ice-tip-form permalink joggin_noggin 2 points 12 hours ago Documents check before you exit the showers at random Pilot and Love's stations nationwide. permalink liberty4alll 5 points 9 hours ago bold of you to assume jeets shower. permalink Klown_Kutz 18 points 15 hours ago My uncle drove for Shoney's for decades and retired with millions of accident free miles. The truck drivers of today are fucking idiots. I can't believe that insurance companies aren't forcing trucking companies to crack down on qualifications. permalink Maskurbator 3 points 9 hours ago They probably are. But policies sometimes have grace periods for new hires, so couriers might be exploiting loop holes and shit like that to avoid higher premiums. But just like with cops, it ain't that the rules don't exist, it's lack of enforcement probably because for DECADES they never needed to. In a white monoculture, rule breaking of this magnitude was never dreamt of. So it was like a cop that never had to give speeding tickets because no one sped, and eventually he stopped hiding under the overpass. The enforcement arm got rusty. But now, people skirt the rules so much they have to relearn enforcement. The problem is every company got relaxed and the first one to get strict will lose business to competitors. It's good in the long run because you aren't paying claims like OP video BUT its hard in the short term when you lose cash flow. permalink ArtLife 5 points 14 hours ago I totally get it. I'm not a driver, but used to do lots of LTL freight and got numerous cold sales calls from brokers, lots of crazy stories from drivers about the nutty rules at various DC's or even the Jaxport shipyard here in FL. Liftgate, no liftgate, warehouses with really poorly designed in/outs etc etc. I don't know why anyone would want to do it (drive). permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 2 points 15 hours ago I concur. I move a bit of gravel/construction debris, construction equipment, and mobile homes from time to time through the rockies. These morons are incompetent and will continue to kill people. permalink Formerlurker92 44 points 16 hours ago Arrest everyone and make a loud, public example out of them. Also, double the ice funding permalink BlackFolk 12 points 16 hours ago Devils Advocate: ICE who has only deported 200,000 people and will be integrating public tracking via Palantir? At that rate we will deport no more than 2,000,000 by the end of Trump’s term. Only 38,000,000 more to go! permalink Badfinz_FL 13 points 16 hours ago you got your facts wrong. Deportations are over 1.5 million as of today. The rate is now growing exponentially. We expect to have ~4 million gone by EOY. permalink _Eric_Ciaramella_ 7 points 13 hours ago we need over 10x that amount to get them all gone by the end of the presidency permalink Badfinz_FL -3 points 12 hours ago there's only ~19 million to go. GO look up the definition of exponential while you are at it. permalink view 1 more comments... MajJamesMcFarlane 3 points 13 hours ago Only 38,000,000 more to go! More like 98 million permalink Spunas1 0 points 11 hours ago You’re including the Karen’s. I like it 👍 permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -12 points 15 hours ago There are not 40 million illeglas in this country. permalink borisborscht 7 points 15 hours ago 60-80 We keep slaughtering our infants permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -11 points 15 hours ago That is saying there is more illegals than hispanics. You cant address a problem without accurately defining the problem, and you are trying to obstruct defining the problem. With this you are actively trying to prevent addressing the issue of illegal aliens with proper measures to deport them. permalink view 5 more comments... chickeninoven 7 points 15 hours ago Did the ones you have working for you tell you that? permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -6 points 15 hours ago I dont employ illegals, I barely employ anyone and most of them are my grandkids. You cant address a problem without accurately defining the problem, and you are trying to obstruct defining the problem. With this you are actively trying to prevent addressing the issue of illegal aliens with proper measures to deport them. permalink view 4 more comments... loveshock 10 points 15 hours ago The driver is still alive and fine right? He needs to be executed. The states that gave him his CDL need to be sued and all people involved charged with manslaughter. permalink FlyCatcher94 2 points 11 hours ago And didn’t give a flying fuck at all. permalink Retard_Strength 31 points 16 hours ago Until faceless bureaucrats start paying some real prices for what they are doing, I fear nothing will change permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 7 points 15 hours ago Seize the trucks of everyone driving interstate with a California or Washington CDL. permalink mullethawk 21 points 16 hours ago So he got it in Washington or California? He got it in Washington then moved to California and they reciprocated? permalink Here_we_go 9 points 16 hours ago Sounds like it. permalink Badfinz_FL 7 points 16 hours ago my guess is he got his initial in WA, they figured it out and pulled it then he went to CA to get another one. permalink ForceMultiplier 3 points 12 hours ago I saw "Washington" in the GIF and wondered if the same thing happened again, already. Thanks. permalink USNVET71 20 points 15 hours ago Just had a driver come to our facility and drop off a fan case and a couple of engine stands, didn't speak a word of english. Didn't know what a tarp was, but was paid to tarp and untarp his freight, clearly on the fan case box It says do not store outside. This is what we deal with every day. These people need to have their CDLs revoked and they need to be deported immediately. There are plenty of Americans that will drive trucks. permalink ScoobyDum 14 points 16 hours ago GO AFTER THE COMPANIES OR ELSE THIS IS POINTLESS permalink Nerdrem3 12 points 16 hours ago Find out the person working the counter at the DMV who issued the license and charge them as an accessory to murder. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 11 points 16 hours ago https://x.com/SecDuffy/status/1957855613725053189 permalink DemPanicAtTheDisco 14 points 15 hours ago Hey guys can someone with x tweet this to him: One of the companies involved with issuing CDLs to a large number of unqualified drivers is: Punjab truck driving school with locations in California and Utah. https://www.punjabtruckdrivingschool.com They were the ones that issued the CDL to the Indian driver out of California that killed multiple people. Basically someone without any driving experience can go in there and get a CDL in under 10 days for $1,000 or less. permalink BrickBradford 9 points 14 hours ago Wait - they are actually named Punjab? And that wasn't a red flag? Saar, I find that you can't make this shit up. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 6 points 13 hours ago If you find more post here. Thanks DemPanic. permalink Datasinc 5 points 13 hours ago I think in the reviews the same truck driver from the video that did the u-turn and killed that family is actually pictured graduating. https://maps.app.goo.gl/FZRakpMoM7kU3SKi7?g_st=ac permalink dtrap 8 points 14 hours ago I guess we now know why truck drivers have been saying things are getting tight. They filled the road with non-driving illegal immigrants. permalink thisaintitchief76 2 points 10 hours ago We've been saying this for over a decade now, but it's fallen on deaf ears. Only now, that thousands are dead, do we care to address the issue. But rest assured, nothing will be done, and the drivers and general public will continue to suffer. The only way to stop all of these is to revoke any and ALL H1B or any work visas, and immediately deport everyone. Otherwise, the mega carriers and the durka squad will continue to do this shit, and push ordinary Americans out of work, and into the poverty wages category. permalink PastorCharles 8 points 16 hours ago I never thought about this until now, but we're in California and two Indian-owned and Indian-operated trucking companies flank the property of our church. permalink glow-operator-2-0 8 points 16 hours ago If their operators cannot read or speak conversational English, it's grounds for an investigation. permalink thisaintitchief76 5 points 10 hours ago Call ICE man. Call em in and tell them. Don't hesitate. These bastards don't. permalink blobbo123 7 points 15 hours ago Revoke all California issued CDLs! permalink thisaintitchief76 1 points 10 hours ago I'd also vote for New Jersey, New York, and Illinois too. They are by FAR the worst offenders in the east and Midwest. permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 7 points 16 hours ago Duffy should pull the DOT registration (USDOT number) for every trucking company using illegal immigrant drivers. Put them all out of business. permalink Here_we_go -1 points 15 hours ago But the have legal cdls permalink DelendaEstMarxismo 4 points 15 hours ago That's issued by the Commie blue states. The Federal government can't do anything about that. But they can make sure the companies that employ them have no ability to operate interstate commerce. permalink HiimHillaryClinton 7 points 16 hours ago What is this about? I’ve been at work all day. permalink MEME-SUPREME 19 points 16 hours ago Some rag head that shouldn't been driving a semi truck made an illegal U turn on a Florida highway and a mini van went right underneath it. Killing 3 people. permalink NewGoldenAge 6 points 16 hours ago you know the MSM will blame the dead. The non-white people will skate or they won't even mention them. We're pussies. permalink glow-operator-2-0 5 points 14 hours ago They can try. We're not fucking England. permalink ForceMultiplier 2 points 12 hours ago So far the MSM is pretending like this happened on another planet. Except for Newsweek and some local coverage, nothing so far. permalink HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 16 hours ago Sounds about right. permalink MSG1000 13 points 15 hours ago Two indians driving a semi-truck with a trailer, tried to use an emergency vehicle turn-around lane connecting to two different halves of the freeway in order to do a U-Turn. They started in the far right lane so the whole trailer is blocking the freeway, another car with tree dudes comes along and smashes into it, killing them. They weren’t legal drivers. permalink ForceMultiplier 3 points 12 hours ago Two indians driving a semi-truck with a trailer.. Yea, no one is saying anything about the other guy. Second illegal driver who was off-duty? permalink HiimHillaryClinton 3 points 15 hours ago 🤡 permalink Sardogna 2 points 16 hours ago I don't know... I was wondering too... permalink MythArcana 4 points 16 hours ago We don't label DEI as DIE for nothing. It's fatal. permalink MAGA-Fett 4 points 16 hours ago How about the fucking employer? permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 -2 points 15 hours ago A lot of truckers are not employees of anyone. These are team drivers in this case and due to that the most money for a team driver is going to be a lease or owner operator. permalink Deplorable_in_PA 4 points 15 hours ago Good on Duffy for actually follow up and doing something about this! I guess Pete Buttigeg is probably still too busy looking for racist bridges or something. And I legit hope that White Hawk gets their asses sued into oblivion over this one! Having them cut a check to the surviving family that feels like passing a baseball sized kidney stone would set a great example for others. permalink Keep_on_winning_kag 4 points 15 hours ago There won't be anymore updates. They always do this then never give more info. I can't get my cdl back fro another eight years because I set a full, opened can of beer on top my car, and cop saw that. Boom, second owi. Not operating, not driving, not in the vehicle. But yeah, go ahead and let these assholes kill people. permalink UnderHisWings 4 points 15 hours ago Springfield IL handed out driver's licenses, like candy, to Haitians. permalink Wooster97 3 points 14 hours ago Turn every weigh station into an ICE checkpoint permalink nodeadcats 3 points 15 hours ago What are the chances truck driving becomes a good career again? permalink MajJamesMcFarlane 2 points 13 hours ago Zero permalink thisaintitchief76 1 points 10 hours ago Only when we deport these fuckers will wages rebound. People do not understand that low freight rates are caused by slave labor. They take these runs and barely make enough to cover fuel, and work for a few bucks. They send that money home, where it's worth a fortune to their people. permalink Shibbs70 3 points 15 hours ago So once again... California and Newscum... really, how much more devastation can a single American inflict upon other Americans. Its terrorism, pure and simple. permalink redditadminssuckit 3 points 15 hours ago SUE the trucking company into oblivion SUE Newsom and CA Destroy the lives of EVERYONE complicit permalink Easzq8 3 points 13 hours ago Good job Pajeeter, you’ve pissed off an entire nation. permalink MEME-SUPREME 3 points 16 hours ago Laws and rules are there for a reason. Probably because somebody lost their life previously. The Carrier president should be charged with manslaughter. permalink MrMcGreenGenes 3 points 16 hours ago Bob Ferguson about to FO. permalink rootGoose 2 points 15 hours ago Arrests and jail times are the only solution. permalink TophunkUSA 2 points 15 hours ago The cool thing about turbans is you can turn them into ropes. permalink ScrewReddit 2 points 13 hours ago Why just CDL's. Go after all DMV's that issue drivers licenses to illegals. permalink DontTreadOnSnek 2 points 15 hours ago $5 says the New Mexico cops didn't give him the ELP test because they were afraid of being accused of racism. This is what happens when you call EVERYONE racist 24/7/365 for the last decade. permalink Hikedelics 2 points 14 hours ago Use this as a practice run, hone the techniques and efficiency, then implement it across all professions. Get them all out! Out! Out! permalink mmasquer 2 points 15 hours ago FMCSA has authority to fine individual states for non-compliance. So, steep fines to WA, NM, and CA should ensue permalink chickeninoven 2 points 15 hours ago Unless you arrest someone, it will. permalink Obambi 2 points 15 hours ago Arrest the white CEOs too permalink ImClearlyLost 2 points 13 hours ago Indians should be deported at the same rate, if not higher, than Central/South Americans. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 1 points 13 hours ago they're mainly going after latinos, which are probably the majority haha permalink magamagamaga123 2 points 13 hours ago Yes but. I don’t speak German, but I know you can’t do a U-turn on the fucking autobahn. permalink snoozeflu 2 points 13 hours ago I'm not sure about CDL but illegal immigrants getting a regular driver's license goes all the way back to Obama. He signed some kind of bill or executive order allowing it. Then suddenly everyone who was restricted to taking the bus, the metro and other public transit were able to drive cars which increased traffic exponentially. permalink orange_popcicle 2 points 15 hours ago It sounds like states need to open up old weigh stations and state patrol needs to start checking truckers so they have all of their papers in order. Any company that has their loads seized and drivers barred/deported would be responsible for picking up their deliveries or face massive fines for leaving things unattended on the highways. permalink mailinvoter 2 points 16 hours ago It's sickening that the faggots allowing this to happen, and supporting it, are the same faggots that kept saying "if it saves even one life" during covid. We need to label the demonrat party/leftists as a global terrorist organization and lock all the mentally ill faggots up. permalink raid 2 points 15 hours ago There must be consequences for the state bureaucracy. Federal charges for federal crimes. permalink terribletwos 2 points 16 hours ago They need to deputize us all, because they have a never ending war chest of ways to cheat the system and there's not enough citizens in the government working to try and stop them. permalink henri_derelicte 2 points 15 hours ago I'm tired of American being an economic zone where foreigners can come in unvetted to make money because jobs in their shithole countries don't pay enough permalink tholinz 2 points 12 hours ago The feds have to crack down hard on the carriers. The problem with illegals is that once one company starts using them to cut rates, pressure forms on all other companies to do the same thing or go out of business. This is why I think all the big food companies are rolling over so meekly on the artificial dye thing. A federal crackdown shifts responsibility and allows the company to make that change. "Hey it's not our fault operating costs went up, blame Trump!" permalink Justjayce 2 points 14 hours ago How about the people who are fake training these jeets permalink FatigueIsReal 2 points 15 hours ago Its nice to not have a fag in charge of transportation. permalink Choppermagic 2 points 14 hours ago pass a law . force congress while the outrage is high permalink WelderX 2 points 14 hours ago No standing. permalink PatriotsandBacon 2 points 16 hours ago MORE FOCUS ON WA! This state is not lost. It is being controlled by a few crazies in Seattle and millions of mail in ballots permalink chickeninoven 1 points 15 hours ago You know WA is the only state where you could have only Whites vote, and it would still go blue? permalink barefootozark 2 points 15 hours ago WA State first wrongfully issued him a CDL. Question is... is he also registered to vote in WA? permalink Asianperswayzian 2 points 12 hours ago This is hugely needed. The entire Trucking industry is a disaster. "official" estimates for foreign drivers are nearly 20% but the Punjabi trucker association claims they makeup 20% of over the road truck drivers themselves. Id estimate 50% or more over the road truck drivers are foreign nationals. These companies are largely being managed from overseas, sending drivers over for low pay. It's a total disaster for the American worker, as usual. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 9 hours ago We need Trump to Deputize roughly 100,000 MAGA people, we can assign 5,000 to patrol the highways for illegal immigrant truck drivers amd when they see them they can pull them over and deport them. Obviously the arresting Deputies would get to keep the stuff illegal immigrant was hauling. permalink ZacPetkanas 1 points 13 hours ago yeet the jeets permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 1 points 15 hours ago ︎ OFFICAL USE ONLY ︎ Should be in 20 languages instead racist ! ︎ permalink Here_we_go 3 points 15 hours ago Classifying it as an ILLEGAL uturn is white supremacy. Should be no new neighbors uturns. permalink n3IVI0 1 points 5 hours ago Drop the hammer, Duffy. permalink FlyCatcher94 1 points 12 hours ago When you see the video, it’s clear that pajeet didn’t give a flying fuck about what he just did. ZERO. permalink MocksFordComma 1 points 10 hours ago This lawsuit is gonna be YUGE. As it MUST be. permalink GoldwaterVoter 1 points 12 hours ago So much shit has been going on for so long -- air travel, trucks, schools, elections, sheesh!! LOTS of cleanup to do in our nation. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 9 hours ago Let's. Fucking. Go!!!!! permalink Beonkey 1 points 1 hour ago The tragedies need to stop. I will never forget how the hockey community all put our hockey sticks on the front porch with the light on in honor of the innocent victims. 2018 Humboldt Broncos bus crash https://share.google/2VNpXKQIQqYkNwkEi permalink Calumet57 1 points 16 hours ago Duffy is better than his predecessor huh? permalink Brundlefly78 1 points 6 hours ago The guy in the passenger seat should also be in prison. permalink MajJamesMcFarlane 1 points 13 hours ago The driver had two CDL licenses? permalink So_Much_Happening 0 points 14 hours ago Impressed this guy can lie for NASA while simultaneously rockin' the other job. Life imprisonment for Duffy the liar, please. Thanks! https://files.catbox.moe/urvs7q.mp4 permalink BobSacano 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1549 Secretary Sean Duffy : This cannot happen again. . @FMCSA is launching an investigation into both the driver and White Hawk Carrier. posted 16 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 164 comments