110 Nothing sweeter than EBT tears in the morning posted 3 hours ago by EthnoEuro 31 comments shellshock @shellshockkk • 23h Nothing sweeter than ebt tears in the morning 31 comments magapatriot_pa 20 points 3 hours ago I voted for this. And when they try stealing their food instead of using EBT and then get arrested for it, I'll have voted for that too permalink crashdaddy 15 points 3 hours ago I'm sure she was making some valid and well thought out points, but all I heard was " chirp...chirp...chirp " permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 6 points 3 hours ago Ba-ball americans only hear nike squeaks on the court permalink dapopeovoz 1 points 54 minutes ago They have to be fucking with us at this point...right? permalink MyNameIsTaxpayer 9 points 3 hours ago "We gonna steal bread to feed our chirrens again." permalink Modern_Times 3 points 45 minutes ago Odd way to say TVs and Nikes permalink Panda321 8 points 3 hours ago Can buy food not soda and cakes permalink crashdaddy 6 points 3 hours ago Fun Fact: people who understand how food works can make their own sodas and cakes out of simple ingredients that can be found in most supermarkets! permalink Panda321 6 points 3 hours ago They also don’t need to argue with a deli about paying for their $12 egg sandwich with ETB permalink Fecklessgod 6 points 2 hours ago "They comin out the back doe." Chirp! permalink A_Colostomy_Bag 5 points 3 hours ago If they steal in some cities they'll get all their basic nutritional needs met in jail while their kids are put in foster care. In most blue cities this is already commonplace. And when will there be one of these videos made without a fire alarm beeping in the background? permalink Nom_de_pede 5 points 2 hours ago Chirp permalink SuperUser 4 points 2 hours ago chirp permalink schnazzmizzle 4 points 2 hours ago So same as now? permalink okboomer59 4 points 2 hours ago She is trying to extort the folks with all the guns? permalink bagel_fragility 3 points 2 hours ago i’m ready to boogie, shaniqua permalink Jakylangelo 2 points 2 hours ago We will start knocking your asses off too. Get your lazy ass out MY HOUSE and get a fucking job you worthless motherfuckers permalink xBigCoffinHunter 2 points 2 hours ago God forbid you work. permalink MOLON-LABE 2 points 1 hour ago First of all, chirp. Secondly, what dindu gimme dat monkey talk was that language? And lastly, you try stealing shit from people like me, your population will decrease immediately. You just proved that the only time your filth relatives will work hard is to steal from others. permalink tralbolh 2 points 44 minutes ago Guess there will be more "food deserts" in affected areas. Also, the morbidly obese former welfare recipients might loose some weight with all those trips back and forth out of the store, can't fit as much under your shirt as the giant cart they had piled high every week. That said, I am sure large grocery chains are the most upset about this, the loss due to theft will be less than the loss they take from not giving food paid for by you and me to those human singularities. With all the overstock they might have to cease raising prices relentlessly. permalink GrumpyAmerican 1 points 18 minutes ago Or… they could get jobs. That might be better than stealing stuff. permalink BeanieRed 1 points 36 minutes ago Blackmail? Pay us or get higher crime? What does rape have to do with feeding your kids? permalink BeanieRed 1 points 35 minutes ago They will do ANYTHING to feed their kids…except get a job. permalink Eddie_LeBec 1 points 35 minutes ago Yeah, they are too fat to take my shit and get away with it. More like it, they will become drug zombies or steal each other's shit permalink MehNahMehNah 1 points 12 minutes ago 'Your cows gon' go missing' ...sounds like a lot of work. But getting a job? Nah. permalink LWGII 1 points 2 hours ago No woman ever starved unless she wanted to. permalink Erkme73 1 points 49 minutes ago Nothing screeches louder than the brakes on a gravy train... It's always been my contention that when the entitlements stop, the thin veil of civility (or what exists of it) will evaporate. Those that don't have will look to those that do, and blame them for their failures - justify anything to feed their kids. Buckle up folks. Lock and load. It's gonna be a bumpy ride. permalink Finnigantoflannigan 1 points 1 minute ago Under no circumstances will they let their children be hungry. I applaud that sentiment. Get a job. permalink auntjemima 1 points 1 minute ago *chirp permalink FirstOrLast 1 points 1 minute ago chirp permalink FirstOrLast 1 points 14 seconds ago If we can't steal your taxes, we'll steal the food. And its your fault permalink 110 Nothing sweeter than EBT tears in the morning posted 3 hours ago by EthnoEuro 31 comments shellshock @shellshockkk • 23h Nothing sweeter than ebt tears in the morning