241 Boston Mayor Vows to Continue Providing Sanctuary for Illegal Rapists (www.frontpagemag.com) posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 30 comments Boston Mayor Vows to Continue Providing Sanctuary for Illegal Rapists | Frontpage Mag One of the worst mayors in the country vows to keep on protecting predators. www.frontpagemag.com 30 comments Modern_Times 23 points 50 minutes ago Arrest this mayor. permalink Bidensmellslikepiss 12 points 34 minutes ago Maybe she will get arrested. I'd love to see this dumb bitch be made into an example. permalink Hunter77 3 points 12 minutes ago Still zero examples made of people not physically obstructing. And I still see leftists calling to defy ICE on a daily basis. Again, no consequences. permalink Prof_Smith 15 points 32 minutes ago Dump a bunch of them there then. To this day, I don’t understand why the idea of dumping illegals in Martha’s Vineyard happened once and then it never happened again. Proof to me these scum are all scum. permalink hellohellohellohell 4 points 18 minutes ago Because DeSantis did it, and he's all about continuous high-visibility, low-impact stunts. permalink Trumpluv77 7 points 24 minutes ago I'd be sad if she was raped by an illegal or 10... permalink Meister_Bockmist 3 points 14 minutes ago But she looks nothing like a goat, more like a bitch. permalink RightIsMight 4 points 40 minutes ago Real White people would find a solution to these types of problems. permalink CaJuN-Polak 4 points 36 minutes ago Why are the Irish putting up with this crap!?!?!?! permalink diverscale 2 points 31 minutes ago NYT, MSDNC, WP, CBC, CBS, GOOGLE permalink CaJuN-Polak 2 points 24 minutes ago I bet if Jameson spent some advertising money rallying the Celts, shit would get done! permalink JR_Butterbean 3 points 24 minutes ago So does our greatest ally tho 🤔 permalink JayKay1776 2 points 8 minutes ago These mayors that think they can flock federal law are just going to keep on doing it until you arrest one of them. You have to arrest them all or they're just going to keep doing it. That's the one thing I wish to Republicans would fucking learn. permalink Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 20 minutes ago Deport the Chyna communist permalink Fangerang 2 points 34 minutes ago Arrest the bitch. permalink here2red 1 points 9 minutes ago She doesnt have to worry, she travels with security. permalink Saxonlady 1 points 4 minutes ago 👁️👁️ Come look you foolish feminists and see what I spotted ....... ..........A man fervently protecting women and a woman in a position to do so, is not. permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 24 minutes ago The CITIZENS have no recourse? permalink Tartakovsky 2 points 19 minutes ago I voted with my feet and left MA. Fuck that state. permalink Hanrahan 1 points 24 minutes ago Of course. She won't be arrested. Republicans crying in their CSPAN monologues won't even mention her name. permalink auntjemima 1 points 23 minutes ago A Wu Vow. permalink Hanging_Chad 1 points 21 minutes ago congrats on the triple sticky OP! permalink GiggleFarts1960 1 points 3 hours ago How do you think that makes the legal rapists feel? permalink Pepe_longcockings 1 points 15 minutes ago The muslims? Doubt they’re bothered permalink RockFlagAndEagle2020 1 points 19 minutes ago Build a wall around Boston - deport all illegals to Boston. permalink Scot 1 points 17 minutes ago Again, because there are no consequences. permalink ZacPetkanas 1 points 12 minutes ago Paging Tom Holman, paging Mr. Tom Holman. Your check is ready for cashing permalink YodaBannon 1 points 31 minutes ago retad permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 30 minutes ago Lock her up, deport her and send her back to China or Vietnam or whatever slant-eyed Country she's from. permalink cptkloss5 1 points 30 minutes ago not sure which is better, illegal rapists or legal rapists. permalink ProtestantPatriot 1 points 30 minutes ago Arrest and give multiple boosters. Now! permalink 241 Boston Mayor Vows to Continue Providing Sanctuary for Illegal Rapists (www.frontpagemag.com) posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 30 comments Boston Mayor Vows to Continue Providing Sanctuary for Illegal Rapists | Frontpage Mag One of the worst mayors in the country vows to keep on protecting predators. www.frontpagemag.com