463 Another Truck accident caused by an Illegal Migrant with a California CDL! posted 11 hours ago by jamesworley 26 comments Hatton, America is back @jnottah • 2d Another Big Rig nightmare, and look at all the Turbin heads, who got their CDLs in California. This infuriates me. 26 comments Trump454748 20 points 11 hours ago Nothing to see here, just doing the jobs that AmErlcAnS wOn’T dO along with being cops, working construction, elected politicians, that sort of thing. permalink TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 10 hours ago I'd really like to see some attorneys take on the idea that illegals can have any authority over legal citizens as cops, in the military, wherever. That shouldn't be possible. permalink goatnuts 3 points 7 hours ago Not illegal, but I did get questioned by a cop once with a thick Vietnamese accent. I thought nothing of it at the time besides that it was funny, but thinking on it now, I can't imagine being a cop in Vietnam and being shown any respect whatsoever by the locals there. Foreigners have no business in positions of authority in any country. permalink mullethawk 2 points 4 hours ago He was probably anti-communist AF, tho. permalink vegaspatriot1776 1 points 3 hours ago 50/50 chance at best. permalink TrumpYe2023 1 points 5 hours ago Voting in elections and being counted in census and getting political, financially and legal representation. permalink Atomstein PRO 11 points 11 hours ago How many more of these need to happen before we can classify this as a terror attack? These events are popping off too often. I do not believe in coincidences nor do I believe these are "accidents". The companies need pressure put on them to end this. True story, 3 months ago my son and I were driving to the airport and we were seconds away from being a mangled car under one of those trucks. Low and behold, an invader. I know it was the hand of God Almighty that kept us from being harmed. I thank the Lord for his Grace and might. permalink EvilGreed209 10 points 11 hours ago Good let more young Americans see it they kill you take your job and replace you. Fuck we fight all these foreign wars for traitor boomers to bring them all here to live the good life. Hes probably making 100k a year banging white chick's while you wasted your time in college 100k in debt working at Chipotle. permalink NeoDragoon 4 points 10 hours ago Long haul over the road could push 100k twenty years ago, now it's closer to 250k. permalink semsem 2 points 3 hours ago Unless you have many endorsements (hazmat, bulk, doubles/triples, etc.) or move specialized freight, no. Most places you'll make anywhere from 55K to 85K per anum as a driver. A few, you can get up to maybe 105K. I have seen no OTR other than special permit/oversized or exceedingly specialized expedited that could get you near 250K net. You can easily gross 250K as your own motor carrier, but then you're also only talking gross, and need to account for all vehicle and fuel and tax and permit and other compliance expenses. Pie-in-the-sky promises of an income like that are how scumbag recruiters get so many new fools to sign on with a promisory note for company training and then also why so many of them leave so quickly while they're still new. The way they're talked up is about on par with new enlistedmen excitedly buying Chargers with their first bonuses after they were told they could have their pick of MOS. permalink mullethawk 1 points 4 hours ago Long haul is lower pay than short haul and rates have been in the shitter since covid. permalink FreeFire 8 points 10 hours ago When the employer companies start being shut down for working illegal aliens and putting them in big rigs barreling unstoppable down the highway we will see change. The penalties should also include full jacket prison time for the CEO's and COO's and other leaders of the company---sack 'em all. These laws need teeth that BITE. permalink magaspif 1 points 2 hours ago yep these greedy fucks start the avalanche - other companies see the financial prophecy and apparently believe they need to do the same to compete. fuck these roaches permalink FUSnowflake 8 points 10 hours ago USC 8 1324 has interesting punishments for people who hire illegal aliens, just saying. permalink brewser724 5 points 9 hours ago Park every fucking semi on the road until it's been verified that it's not a raghead sand monkey. Sns permalink TrumpOrTreason 5 points 10 hours ago The left has weaponized policy to kill Americans permalink Just_dumping_fuel 5 points 9 hours ago didn't Cali put regulations on old trucks to restrict family owned vehicles from getting work. seems it was to replace americans permalink GrandmaHelmet 4 points 6 hours ago Where did this one happen? permalink MAGALADON9 3 points 10 hours ago Saaar saaar permalink BigMikesBallz 3 points 10 hours ago Terrorists permalink Ligersrule1 2 points 10 hours ago Now do "Canadian" jeet drivers permalink keeman 2 points 2 hours ago Fucking tired of this shit. I suspect three of the people in this video were from the USA. Everyone else is foreign. permalink keeman 1 points 2 hours ago In a sane country, if a foreigner has an accident, he is the only foreigner there. HOW is it possible that this occurs? permalink TheTelltaleFly 1 points 54 minutes ago Not the point of the post but I am relieved to see that so many people were actually able to walk away from this horrific scene. Vehicle safety has come a long way. Who knew it would play such an important role in protecting people from foreign invaders when our government won’t. permalink Markstarr85 1 points 2 hours ago Same thing is happening in Australia, same rag heads permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 463 Another Truck accident caused by an Illegal Migrant with a California CDL! posted 11 hours ago by jamesworley 26 comments Hatton, America is back @jnottah • 2d Another Big Rig nightmare, and look at all the Turbin heads, who got their CDLs in California. This infuriates me.