614 Ron DeSantis says states like California run a mail in ballot fraud network to steal elections. He says they’ll mass send out mail in ballots, 3-4+ mail in ballots per address, then Democrat operatives will go out and ballot harvest. posted 13 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 19 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 14h Ron DeSantis says states like California run a mail in ballot fraud network to steal elections He says they’ll mass send out mail in ballots, 3-4+ mail in ballots per address, then Democrat operatives will go out and ballot harvest, “I think absolutely that should not be 19 comments arkylady 15 points 12 hours ago They ballot harvest from homeless people too, that's one reason they don't want the problem solved. permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 9 hours ago And disabled adult living centers. Adults who aren’t competent to take care of themselves, but somehow manage to fill out a complicated voting ballot and sign… permalink TrumpYe2023 2 points 5 hours ago Yep they all use one address... ballots are mailed to them. Easy peasy. permalink SoldanoSlo 6 points 12 hours ago It's a neat trick. Generate excess ballots and release into the wild. Then round up the phantom votes. permalink Trumpdeasses 5 points 12 hours ago You still have hundreds of Nursing homes and assisted living communities that are requesting ballots in Florida for the elderly . A lot of these people are just Breathing Potato's. Their ballots are being fraudulently harvested. To the extent of California or the majority of Blue states No, but it still goes on. Get rid of mail in balloting all together. permalink TEXinLA 4 points 12 hours ago 100% TRUE permalink BadBrainsBuzzcocks 4 points 9 hours ago This last election I had 5 different Hispanic names suddenly get mail in ballots at my address. I've owned and lived here 15 yrs. I took them to the county registrar's office to report them as fraud. It's CA and I feel they are in on it. permalink lixa 3 points 8 hours ago They don't just harvest. They take a count of how many were never turned in and they toss in their own already marked. AND election workers prob pull some marked for republican and replace them with Democrat marked ballots too. This state is a mess. That's why putting voter ID on the ballot is a joke, it will be defeated permalink Maskurbator 2 points 9 hours ago He's right. They do. Almost everyone I know in CA gets more ballots to their home than there are people. permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 2 points 13 hours ago There was documented occurances of this throughout both of the previous elections. Compile and convict. permalink vodka_soda 2 points 11 hours ago Yep. YouTube videos galore from ring cameras of them doing it. Perfectly legal in CA. Republicans don't do it as hard as Democrats permalink TonyTreehouse 1 points 11 hours ago California went from only relatives or same household could return absentee ballots, to anyone could return any amount. There were reportedly people returning so many the first year that the county workers thought it was illegal until they got clarification. permalink SERP-SERP 2 points 11 hours ago Ballot Harvest = Mail theft, happens every election season in CA. all homes in the last 20 years have community mailboxes this isnt just in H.O.A.'s they group 20-30 mail boxes together to make the theft easier.. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UyVWIgqrYSE permalink UnknownUserName 2 points 9 hours ago I get 3 ballots every year. One from Covered California entering my birth date wrong and registering me 10+ years ago, one from my maiden name and one in my married name. permalink Lasheric 1 points 16 minutes ago I am a FIRST hand witness. My aunt via marriage ( Filipina) who is on a green card, and can’t legally vote , got 2 mail in ballots in the mail from the state of California permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 9 hours ago He’s 100% right on target. 👍. - Californian permalink Vorticity1 1 points 9 hours ago Ballos should be numbered. permalink cpt_majestic2 1 points 3 hours ago When we lived in California, I received four ballots in the mail, two for me and two for my wife. We voted in person. permalink TheSHazDroid 0 points 9 hours ago Chill Ronnie I saw mail in ballots skew GOP primaries here in Florida last year. Mail in ballots has to go. permalink 614 Ron DeSantis says states like California run a mail in ballot fraud network to steal elections. He says they’ll mass send out mail in ballots, 3-4+ mail in ballots per address, then Democrat operatives will go out and ballot harvest. posted 13 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 19 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 14h Ron DeSantis says states like California run a mail in ballot fraud network to steal elections He says they’ll mass send out mail in ballots, 3-4+ mail in ballots per address, then Democrat operatives will go out and ballot harvest, “I think absolutely that should not be