1231 Hunter Biden soars past Hillary Clinton in the 2028 Democratic Nominee odds on Polymarket. posted 12 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 128 comments R A W S A L E R T S @rawsalerts • 13h 🚨#BREAKING: Hunter Biden soars past Hillary Clinton in the 2028 Democratic Nominee odds on Polymarket. Would you vote for a crackhead? 128 comments TrumpWonByALandslide 163 points 12 hours ago Would you vote for a crackhead? Yes, but only if its Mike Lindell. permalink RustySheckelford 62 points 12 hours ago We have the best crackheads! don't we folks? permalink snoopy3210 21 points 11 hours ago Zelensky: Hold My Crack-Cocaine! permalink Sonsonson 13 points 11 hours ago Zelensky: hold my war permalink SpellingContable 1 points 3 hours ago Zelensky - Why Vote? permalink Justlooking250 1 points 6 hours ago little z ; 'hold my parents mansion in Isreal that the USA taxpayers paid for' permalink view 2 more comments... Sonsonson 12 points 11 hours ago His pillows... I didn't realize how much I liked them until the kids took mine one night. I bought 6 more the next day 😂 We have the best pillow crackheads the absolute best permalink NeoDragoon 8 points 12 hours ago Was he crack or meth? permalink crimsonfancy 10 points 11 hours ago Lindell says it was crack. It was years ago and crack was more prevalent. Meth use a bit more contemporary though not by too many years. It was around but less popular and less obtainable. I would bet it's opposite lately. permalink snoopy3210 9 points 11 hours ago But it's puuuuuuurer than alcohol, crack is BETTER for your health! - Hunter Biden permalink Hanging_Chad 1 points 10 hours ago I think Mike Lindell & Mattress Mack would get along just fine permalink FakeNametag 8 points 11 hours ago Whatever they call it when you mix them both together permalink Megadeth 8 points 11 hours ago Mike Tyson calls that "crath". It's fucking confusing in that you can't tell if he's saying crack or crath. permalink pterodactyl_balls 3 points 11 hours ago Cræth permalink Justlooking250 1 points 6 hours ago Sthpinal permalink trumpORbust 4 points 11 hours ago Meck permalink Threaper666 4 points 11 hours ago Heroin and coke is a speedball. Idk what crack and meth mixed together is called. permalink TennesseeBorn 10 points 11 hours ago A heart attack. permalink FakeNametag 8 points 11 hours ago If it doesn't have a name yet we can just call it a "Biden" permalink view 2 more comments... pterodactyl_balls 2 points 11 hours ago Croak permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 1 points 6 hours ago Idk what crack and meth mixed together is called. Shitty crack. permalink Fuck_Buddy 4 points 11 hours ago He says crack cocaine https://www.youtube.com/live/lUIUfMQbq2w?si=gk3eppHnbNRNuy4Y&t=6050 permalink Saltyminer11 4 points 11 hours ago Crack permalink magnokor 2 points 10 hours ago The answer is: parmesan permalink DCPower 3 points 7 hours ago Speaking of, he still needs to raise funds for his legal battle against dominion voting machines. https://www.mikelindelllegaldefensefund.com permalink Datamancer 3 points 10 hours ago Over Hillary? You better fucking believe it, kiddo. permalink Maga305_47 1 points 11 hours ago Or any leader in Europe? permalink moscowjade 56 points 12 hours ago Hunter is the perfect face of today's Democrats permalink Pickles76 15 points 11 hours ago Underrated comment. Release his laptop vids, I bet he’ll be even more popular with the leftist demons! permalink IlhansBrother 5 points 9 hours ago Time for democrats to officially endorse incestuous relationships. MIGA! Vote Hunter! permalink Cali_kid 51 points 12 hours ago Biden 2028? Lol permalink covfefe-time 32 points 12 hours ago Well, they did install his braindead father from a basement, so we need to watch these idiots closely. permalink darkmodeforgotpass 5 points 10 hours ago Office of the president elect -_- Covid 19 briefing -_- permalink Burisma 1 points 2 hours ago He could just come out and pretend his father's administration was great. Then admit he was in complete control and take credit for it. permalink HelluvaEngineer 14 points 12 hours ago Neither one of them is a functional human being. permalink Saltyminer11 7 points 11 hours ago They don't even add up to a Functional human being. permalink ForceMultiplier 4 points 10 hours ago "You guys have gotta try the cold chai!" Remember all those democrat flunkies and the MSM standing around pretending she wasn't having a seizure? permalink FancyNancy 1 points 10 hours ago But they make great babysitters! permalink D__1 5 points 11 hours ago Crack/Bitch 2028 permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 3 points 11 hours ago ︎ Biden 2028 vs. Trump 2028 ︎ ︎ Recycling signs by using some "8" stickers. ︎ permalink Filo76 1 points 8 hours ago He could paint his own presidential portrait! permalink Klaus73 33 points 12 hours ago Anyone you see being promoted before the midterms is put up explicitly to waste your attention and time and hopefully some attack money. You won't see the dem candidate until 2027. permalink trumpORbust 8 points 11 hours ago Yup -- container resources and mental health, focus on active battles and ignore socially engaging distractions permalink snoozeflu 3 points 9 hours ago They might not make it official until 2027 but I think we can all agree he is currently in Sacramento, CA. permalink Scatter-Shot 14 points 12 hours ago Hunter's big foreign policy proposal is to invade El Salvador to liberate CECOT. permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 2 points 11 hours ago ︎ Why so many state visits to Columbia Colombia? ︎ permalink Scatter-Shot 2 points 11 hours ago Colombia you mean? permalink Justlooking250 2 points 6 hours ago Not as many visits as his nieces feet permalink ElectronicSlurm69 11 points 11 hours ago Hunter/Kamala 2028 Crack Whore permalink PosterIsDead 4 points 9 hours ago Taste the rainbow. permalink terribletwos 10 points 11 hours ago Yeah, because he's already been president and he's real cocky and arrogant about it. Which is the type of character that they're going to need. They'll brush off all his problems by comparing him to Trump and claiming it's disinformation indirectly. How many people actually went and physically looked at the shit that you get in trouble for looking at versus just the hearsay? And he's going to aggressively push the progressive agenda and not only that, he will want retribution for everything and everyone related to Trump currently. If he gets elected we should start the civil war before he gets into power is all I'm saying, because they're not going to DEI us next time. It's going to pure authoritarian fake communism. permalink Barkley18 7 points 12 hours ago Wtf is this time line? permalink crimsonfancy 6 points 11 hours ago This is absolutely ridiculous. Why would anyone consider Hunter Biden? I get that leftists are deranged, confused, self-congratulatory but are they also beyond stupid enough to vote for another…………….. ...I take that back. Im not surprised at all. permalink PDWUsername 5 points 11 hours ago It's mostly a joke. He's still under 1% odds. People are throwing a dollar or two on him for the memes. Also with these betting markets you can sell your position anytime. So if he makes it up to 2% you've doubled your money. permalink Saltyminer11 2 points 11 hours ago Leftists want you to hold their beer. permalink TheTruthAlwaysWins 1 points 10 hours ago It would be another incestious pedophile they installed in the White House. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 11 hours ago They Dems really don't have much to work with. They walked Biden in and they have nobody in the wings to walk in without sounding too ridiculous. I think they are just throwing Hunter's name out there so we don't laugh at the real candidates, Jasmine & AOC. permalink Herpawinski 3 points 10 hours ago Democrats would vote for ANY dem chosen from the smoke filled room. We saw that happen when they did that excruciatingly fake kabuki theater to swap out Biden for Kamala. permalink Greenhills 2 points 11 hours ago Well, there’s more chance she’d die from old age at that point. permalink Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 11 hours ago That's really bad. Hahahhahha! permalink Pepbrandt 2 points 5 hours ago I think Hunter Biden is the only person on the left who can run for president and actually have a shot at winning. permalink MemeLawd 2 points 11 hours ago Who fucking cares permalink chahn1138 2 points 11 hours ago Don't worry Scro! Unbelievable. permalink GreyKnight 2 points 11 hours ago Guess it’s not her turn…No pink hat riots…? permalink NickAtNight 2 points 12 hours ago lol permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 9 hours ago Is permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 9 hours ago What about Newscum? permalink TellMeBoutIt 1 points 8 hours ago Yes, please nominate him! permalink crimsonfancy 1 points 11 hours ago He would never be able to handle the pressure. They'd have to keep him hidden just like his dumbass old man. Even during the campaign process, he'd immediately get back to heavy dope use (if hes not still at it) and would probably die on the campaign trail from heart issues or if crack and cocaine aren't all he likes, an OD if he prefers mixing in opiates..... he probably does. permalink Rock9Head 1 points 11 hours ago What difference does it make? permalink Protonboy 1 points 10 hours ago I'd vote for the person who fucking told me wtf Polymarket is. permalink Herpawinski 1 points 10 hours ago Hope they do pick him. Then we can take that shot of him coked out of his skull on the 4th of July and ram it in their faces. permalink Duster_340 1 points 7 hours ago Careful what you wish for, that idiot very well could end up as a chance to run on the Democratic ticket and make it in. permalink BarneyFrank 1 points 4 hours ago Doesn't he have a criminal record? Wouldn't he get denied a visa in a bunch of countries he is supposed to visit? permalink SicilianOmega 2 points 1 hour ago Elites like Hunter aren't subject to laws. If they were, he'd already be in jail. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 1 points 9 hours ago This is a make it or break it moment that will prove once and for all that we're living in a simulation if Hunter Biden is Elected President. At that point we might as well just change into "Grand Theft Auto Mode" and seriously start running a muck. I'm not joking at all. permalink maga_gal2 2 points 9 hours ago There's no freaking way he'd ever be president. There's photos of him literally smoking crack... I mean... there are a lot of "normal" well intentioned liberals (just brainwashed). There's no way they'd go for that. permalink LokiHelmsdeep 2 points 9 hours ago Bro, halfway through Joe Biden's Presidency they literally said "this is the best, smartest Joe Biden ever" and they believe a dude wearing a dress that says he's a she is really a chick. Never underestimate the retardedness of Lefty's. permalink BlueKentuckyGirl 1 points 11 hours ago Lol good luck with that incestuous duo permalink HumphreyPlowjogger 1 points 8 hours ago Do it Hunter. Jump in. permalink HankScorpio 1 points 12 hours ago Hunter 2028 Make Crack Great Again permalink KennyKetchem 1 points 8 hours ago Hunter is going to have to let Gavin fuck his girlfriend before they even consider it. Hunter/Beto 2028 will never happen permalink TellMeBoutIt 1 points 8 hours ago What a bunch of clickbait, they're both sub 1%. Newscum is at 24%. Jon Stewart is blowing those two out of the water with a whopping 4% permalink Easzq8 1 points 11 hours ago Hunter 2028, were taking a crack at America ©️ permalink Formerlurker92 1 points 8 hours ago I am registered democrat specifically so I can fuck with their primaries (deep blue area, a republican candidate is out of the question). Its either him or mandani when the time comes permalink Deltamyass 1 points 12 hours ago The bar is low if Clinton is involved permalink TheSHazDroid 1 points 9 hours ago I'm looking for the Babylon Bee logo. There seems to be a coordinated Dem campaign to elevate Newsome, but every post on @X about it gets destroyed in the ratio. permalink Logan_W_Logan 1 points 1 hour ago DC re-elected Marion Barry after he was caught and served time for smoking crack, so it’s historically proven that Democrats will vote for a crackhead permalink MEME-SUPREME 1 points 11 hours ago 🤡 🌎 is real. permalink KarenLukasik 1 points 10 hours ago Mike Lindell is an ex-crackhead!(I think!) permalink Now_On_to_Mars 1 points 11 hours ago He could paint his own Presidential portrait with feces permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 9 hours ago I am convinced this is the dumbest part of human history congrats on being here right now permalink Burisma 1 points 8 hours ago Fake and gay permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 11 hours ago How is he free after Burisma and all the rest? permalink mass55th 1 points 11 hours ago That shows you just how perverted the RAT party is. permalink Burisma 1 points 2 hours ago But why? Is this Soros money? permalink TurdBurglarGrimace 1 points 11 hours ago Id rather have russia shooting off nukes than to have any of them running. permalink MythArcana 1 points 11 hours ago What? FOX didn't call Arizona for Newsom yet? permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 11 hours ago Marion Barry was voted in and he was a known crackhead and hooker guy permalink maverick202 1 points 11 hours ago I put my money on hunter. Let's go! permalink CCGJoe 1 points 1 hour ago Lots of people voted for Obama who was smoking Crack and blowing Larry Sinclair in the back of a limo when he was a senator in Illinois permalink TheMrStone 1 points 10 hours ago W🤡RLD permalink Barron_FromTheFuture 1 points 9 hours ago Wut? permalink Burisma 1 points 9 hours ago I would never vote for anybody whose penis I've seen with m&m's on it. permalink Jeremybenrice 1 points 7 hours ago He sits down for an hour podcast and shows he’s a “normal” guy and all the sudden people want to vote for him? People are retarded. This country is screwed. If he runs, the photos that were on the dark web of him naked with his 12 year old niece in the mirror background will finally surface only. It’s literal CP so it never made the normal web. Anyone on the dark side saw them many times. Even 4chan had them up for a few hours before they got taken down. permalink togtfo 1 points 9 hours ago My sides!!!! My sucking sides!!! I can't breathe! permalink KnoxVegasGirl 1 points 11 hours ago He’s going to snort coke on her glass ceiling. permalink CatalystForChange 1 points 10 hours ago We only allow even crackheads to participate in our country only because of free speech. permalink Porkchop-express 1 points 8 hours ago Yes in the prelims permalink RustySheckelford 1 points 12 hours ago Democrats have the opportunity to do the funniest and most retarded thing ever. permalink DJT_MFers1 0 points 12 hours ago Surprised George Floyd hasn’t made the list permalink RustySheckelford 3 points 12 hours ago Unfortunately, he's only eligible to vote. permalink BrennansMangina 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1231 Hunter Biden soars past Hillary Clinton in the 2028 Democratic Nominee odds on Polymarket. posted 12 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 128 comments R A W S A L E R T S @rawsalerts • 13h 🚨#BREAKING: Hunter Biden soars past Hillary Clinton in the 2028 Democratic Nominee odds on Polymarket. Would you vote for a crackhead?