502 Karoline Leavitt: 465 Total Arrests Since Trump Began Federal Operations in DC – “President Trump’s Efforts to Make DC Safe Again are Working” (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 28 comments Karoline Leavitt: 465 Total Arrests Since Trump Began Federal Operations in DC - "President Trump's Efforts to Make DC Safe Agai... White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt provided an update on President Trump’s efforts to make Washington, DC, safe again and take criminals off the street. “President Trump’s efforts to make DC safe again are working,” Leavitt told report... www.thegatewaypundit.com 28 comments Powhattan 15 points 2 hours ago It only took locking up 456 people to make a city safe??? permalink ZacPetkanas 5 points 51 minutes ago When you don’t keep people in jail pending trial (J6’ers excepted) they commit more crime. As with all other left wing ideas, low/no bail is stupid and the effects were obvious to anyone with two brain cells permalink NotYourMan 3 points 47 minutes ago Why are the young men committing crimes? Like young men from 12 to 16 years old. Because they have been told by adults that they can get away with it. The criminal system lets them out quickly and they don't get the same punishment as an adult. This is a cultural phenomenon. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 40 minutes ago Also no father to keep them in line. permalink Tartakovsky 2 points 26 minutes ago A lot of crime is by repeat offenders, especially with democrat catch and release policies. Those 456 arrested likely have been committing thousands of crimes. Some of those have likely been arrested a hundred times or more. Think about how disenchanted police are in blue cities, getting up every day, looking in the mirror and saying “what’s the point” when they’re just going to get released anyway. permalink airborne3502 11 points 2 hours ago In other news, The Superior Court of the District of Columbia sentenced 465 criminals to probation, house arrest, and community service. permalink cpt_majestic2 6 points 2 hours ago Hard to believe she's only 27, she's tough as nails, takes no shit. permalink USDMaga 5 points 2 hours ago If you have half a brain you can outsmart ANY liberal. Liberalism requires you to be evil and dumb as a rock. She has a full brain and can work circles around them. permalink PoleWatcher 5 points 2 hours ago How many actually prosecuted? permalink vegaspatriot1776 4 points 2 hours ago The over/under line bet is zero. permalink guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 hours ago how many evil secret elites were arrested? will they be let back out again? Life sentences desired. Were any palantir goons gotten in the arrests? permalink yougotfooledlmao 1 points 9 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink JebediahBush 3 points 2 hours ago Rookie numbers! Love it though permalink Urusovite 2 points 1 hour ago What is the status on the wall on our border? permalink Wozzing 2 points 2 hours ago How many are there normally? permalink JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 2 hours ago How many are blacks? permalink Side_o_beef_curtains 4 points 2 hours ago Yes permalink Froynlavenfroynlaven 4 points 2 hours ago DC is about 40% black, therefore I'm guessing about 90% of arrests. permalink JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 35 minutes ago Oh, I'm sorry but the correct answer we were looking for is, "All, Yes, or Most of them." Thanks for playing, fren! permalink TLMFR 1 points 26 minutes ago It's like police presence is a deterrent. Who would have guessed. permalink Boruzu 1 points 48 minutes ago Let’s hope there’s a next phase for policing and public safety. The orcs are now restrained by the one GEOTUS to rule them all, but the NG, DEA, FBI, ATF and Capitol Police cannot un-dindu every square inch indefinitely. In other words, the jognog is temporarily bixnood, but they must be finna. permalink Grindelwald 1 points 46 minutes ago Wait until Congress comes back in session. The drug dealers and the sex workers will pick up and the police efforts will get a little more complicated. "I's an AG, I'm and AG, I's a Congressman. Do you know who I am?" permalink Melchizedek18 1 points 2 minutes ago Statistically, 1% of a population commits more than 80% of a community's crimes. Remove them, and crime plummets. Moreover, their opportunistic sidekicks start to behave. permalink Ruck__Feddit 1 points 10 seconds ago The biggest criminals in DC are probably govt employed. permalink YodaBannon 1 points 1 hour ago Will the administration get the extension? permalink Asianperswayzian 1 points 1 hour ago How does this compare to normal arrest numbers? I visited Maricopa county jail in Phoenix about 20 years ago for training. They were processing 800-1000 arrests per day. permalink billybaldwin2 1 points 2 hours ago I would have thought criminals would stay home when they hear a bunch more people are hanging out. Unless the more people hanging out free up the police to actually go get suspects on their list. permalink NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 1 hour ago Excellent. Get the convictions. permalink 502 Karoline Leavitt: 465 Total Arrests Since Trump Began Federal Operations in DC – “President Trump’s Efforts to Make DC Safe Again are Working” (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 28 comments Karoline Leavitt: 465 Total Arrests Since Trump Began Federal Operations in DC - "President Trump's Efforts to Make DC Safe Agai... White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt provided an update on President Trump’s efforts to make Washington, DC, safe again and take criminals off the street. “President Trump’s efforts to make DC safe again are working,” Leavitt told report... www.thegatewaypundit.com