477 European Leaders' Effusive Praise About Trump During Ukraine Peace Talks Are Driving the Media Insane (townhall.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 37 comments European Leaders' Remarks About Trump During Ukraine Peace Talks Are Driving the Media Insane European leaders praised Trump for successful Ukraine peace talks, signaling strong diplomatic efforts. townhall.com 37 comments FlyCatcher94 35 points 2 hours ago They are also manipulating him. They are assuming that he only wants to be praised and will ignore when they stall him later. That will only piss him off, and he will press harder permalink CosmoKramer 20 points 2 hours ago trying to manipulate. just like the media. permalink _Sully_ 13 points 2 hours ago He probably gagged when Ursula called him Daddy. The dude does love a good ass kissing but even in the Apprentice he gave people shit for that approach. permalink TheMAGAnificent 11 points 1 hour ago Yeah, he's not retarded. People on here act like he's never negotiated at the international level before. Or an a company before. permalink _Sully_ 2 points 1 hour ago I find it hilarious they think they can just bullshit him. They even talk about it as if he's a dang pushover. I mean, if he was, would they be screeching night and day about him. No they would not. permalink MustangManny 1 points 1 hour ago We'd be screeching over him being a puppet of Isreal. permalink view 1 more comments... Burisma 1 points 32 minutes ago 4d chess permalink julianReyes -4 points 2 hours ago People here really think acting like catty basic bitch women makes you a 200IQ individual or something. Spez: lmao, trying to upvote the bootlicking comment in fact proves you are a bootlicker. Israel has found its first IDF volunteer. permalink ReturnOfSmarm 18 points 2 hours ago We get the best effusive praise .... lottttttta effusiveness! permalink HoganT 11 points 2 hours ago Because they’ve figured out that’s how to get what they want out of him. permalink carpetxparmesan 2 points 1 hour ago Jokes aside, anyone here have any clue what got these freaks to lay off the war? Just two months ago, they were deadset on continuing the war even with US pulling out. Even Trump appeared frustrated that he couldn't end it overnight like he promised. And now they're all on board? Was it just a really strong bluff or did they GET something? permalink 1_Badcop 1 points 53 minutes ago Their owners made a deal with Trump over Epstein...probably other stuff too. permalink airborne3502 7 points 2 hours ago I don't want Ukraine to receive "NATO style protections." permalink Meister_Bockmist 6 points 2 hours ago EU rags now tell that the meeting was confusing for the EU faggots, and that now they want to get rid of US (but not of Trump, eh). permalink JoeBidensDementia1 5 points 2 hours ago A 3rd grader would too compared to Biden. permalink BeanieRed 4 points 1 hour ago Just like in high school, the media finds out they really aren’t friends with the cool kids after all. permalink billybaldwin2 4 points 2 hours ago Doesn't take much to drive them insane. "Trump wears a suit." RREEEEEEEE permalink alcowiggles 3 points 48 minutes ago They don't give a shit about Trump. Trump will only serve another 3 years. Those fags in Europe can serve indefinitely. They don't give a fuck. It's all just delay tactics until Trump is out and someone they favor is in. permalink Calumet57 3 points 1 hour ago Meloni is the best of this group. permalink ragnarokrobo 6 points 1 hour ago She's great at talking a good game then cucking out hard like she did with immigration as soon as she got elected. permalink entwickelnden 3 points 46 minutes ago Like Abbot here in Texas. permalink ragnarokrobo 3 points 45 minutes ago And the majority of politicians on "our side". permalink carpetxparmesan 2 points 1 hour ago Pulls head out of coke tray Best? Best at what? permalink Calumet57 1 points 1 hour ago you are free to choose your most preferred member of the group I have made my pick permalink airborne3502 2 points 1 hour ago Better than the usual abusive. permalink Luke_Luck 2 points 1 hour ago Too late. The media are already insane. permalink Saltyminer11 1 points 47 minutes ago Good permalink Trumpwon306 1 points 3 minutes ago ICYMI: Trump wants to send the airforce to Ukraine which is an obvious hell no from Russia, which begs the question why the fuck is Trump wasting his time in dealing with this war? There isn't ANYTHING else that's 1000% more important to normal Americans, that he needs to be attentive to? permalink VaporJet9 1 points 1 minute ago The E.U. should be thrilled. Trump giving them SECURITY. Just what they wanted from the time Boris Johnson got puppet Zelensky to cancel the SIGNED PEACE DEAL he had just made with Russia. The USA pays for most of N.A.T.O. This Security will be on the backs of the U.S. Tax payer. We are over 37 TRILLION in debt. Trump wants to give Ukraine another 54 Billion in cash per Steve Bannon, and what Congress still has allocated to give them with Ukraine Senator Lindsey Graham pushing to give them cash and Security. What Happened to America First? Tell the E.U. Ukraine is their problem they Started! Let the E.U. pay for it. Walk away from Ukraine. permalink AslanFan 1 points 16 minutes ago Too bad the lunatics no longer have access to the truth. And, only 1-2, if any, can be trusted. permalink Somebody157 1 points 1 hour ago Why are we, anyone, calling the MSM "media" as they are no such thing. You may call them the mockingbird, whore media if you wish but even that is way to nice. How about Clown show news? permalink Walleye-vision71 1 points 1 hour ago How does a little manlet like that achieve any power or authority? He’s not just below average size, he looks absolutely ridiculous. permalink 1_Badcop 1 points 50 minutes ago It's all part of the ritual. Our owners don't want to just rule us, they want to humiliate us as well. permalink Burisma 1 points 32 minutes ago Should be cause for concern. permalink HazelHen 1 points 31 minutes ago Lot of those guys are wearing elevators int heir shoes to increase their stature! permalink 477 European Leaders' Effusive Praise About Trump During Ukraine Peace Talks Are Driving the Media Insane (townhall.com) posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 37 comments European Leaders' Remarks About Trump During Ukraine Peace Talks Are Driving the Media Insane European leaders praised Trump for successful Ukraine peace talks, signaling strong diplomatic efforts. townhall.com