157 Was the FBI Behind the Oklahoma Bombing? At least eight people connected to the investigation — including a brave police officer who was a first responder — died under mysterious circumstances, five of them reportedly by suicide. (www.americanthinker.com) posted 4 hours ago by ArthurJ 11 comments Was the FBI Behind the Oklahoma Bombing? It has always been hard to believe that the truck-bombing of the A.P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995, which killed 168 people, including 19 children at a daycare center, was planned by just one or two perpetrators acting a... www.americanthinker.com 11 comments SuperDuperBasedMD 5 points 4 hours ago great summary of the evidence Tucker interviewed Margaret Roberts, the author of Blowback: The Untold Story of the FBI and the Oklahoma City Bombing https://tuckercarlson.com/tucker-show-margaret-roberts permalink TonyTreehouse 1 points 2 hours ago I never believed that story about the 2nd guy at the rental center being a confusion with a different rental. That was an interesting interview. permalink SuperDuperBasedMD 2 points 2 hours ago I was a normie back then. permalink Scot 4 points 3 hours ago Whenever suicide pops up after an event, the official story is a lie. permalink onesummerdream 4 points 2 hours ago How many NYC police officers committed suicide after viewing the Weiner laptop? Elimination patterns begin to form when Hillary Clinton is involved and I say that because supposedly all her Whitewater corruption evidence was destroyed in this bombing. Of course a quick search about it reveals the Whitewater connection is just a conspiracy theory, according to the top search results. permalink indigo_truther 1 points 42 seconds ago Not a suicide, but I still wonder about Jesus Campos who was in the room with Steven Paddock in Las Vegas, and allegedly was going to help him escape (which is why he had body armor). But then he escapes, flees to Mexico, and reappears on Ellen. permalink dismbiguation 2 points 3 hours ago YES.... permalink Chrisquiet 1 points 32 minutes ago We will never hear the truth. What about that motorhome that blew up next door to the AT&T data center? permalink TheGreenDragon 1 points 2 hours ago yes, yes and yes permalink CovfefeAnon 1 points 27 minutes ago 'Who benefited? Who has the power to cover it up? Who?' permalink vegaspatriot1776 0 points 3 hours ago The FBI/CIA involved in terrorist activities, no way! Stop it with the anti-semitism already. permalink 157 Was the FBI Behind the Oklahoma Bombing? At least eight people connected to the investigation — including a brave police officer who was a first responder — died under mysterious circumstances, five of them reportedly by suicide. (www.americanthinker.com) posted 4 hours ago by ArthurJ 11 comments Was the FBI Behind the Oklahoma Bombing? It has always been hard to believe that the truck-bombing of the A.P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995, which killed 168 people, including 19 children at a daycare center, was planned by just one or two perpetrators acting a... www.americanthinker.com ×