1059 Where all the hyper- competent white men go? posted 15 hours ago by Jetjockey 122 comments 122 comments ColonelKlink 74 points 15 hours ago Yep. My husband just got let go. They love getting rid of competent, hardworking people. permalink SisterCovfefe 47 points 15 hours ago I'm sorry to hear this. I hope your family will be ok. permalink CAPTAIN_TENDY_PLATE2 21 points 10 hours ago Yea this is already happening, and in many cases, dependent upon the industry, it was already happening as far back as AT LEAST 2015 or 2016. I worked in wildland fire aviation. That world is governed by the broader wildland fire incident management/suppression. That larger world went absolutely fucking INSANE with DEI shit i 2016. It got progressively worse up until about 2020. During that time, all of the competent fire managers, and fire aviation people, were pushed out. The few who remained, were gone by covid times. Now, you see fires on the news, like the LA fires. And you see that they also had a full leadership structure of diversity hires, yet the talking heads still scream about climate change and other nonesense. If I could get to my helicopter, and start drops within the first hour of the fire, there's a good chance it will go out. If I'm hamstrug because DEI shit demands some pockmarked faced lebsian feminist dance theory major must first tell me the gender impacts of me flying said helo, I'll not even get a handle on it. Unfortunately the second part is more common than you'd guess these days. Hence my departure. permalink Mike_Hoxbigg 5 points 9 hours ago It's absolute lunacy that we've come to this point. Everything you said is so beyond the pale of insanity that it rings true. permalink SquiggyMcPepe 6 points 4 hours ago Because its all be design. How do you destroy the worlds most powerful nation with the worlds most powerful military and economy? You can't out fight them you can't out economy them. So you infiltrate them and destroy them from the inside little by little over decades. permalink TheImpossible1 0 points 5 hours ago Replaced by a woman? permalink Cville123 50 points 15 hours ago Nailed it permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 38 points 11 hours ago Competent white guy here (PhD chemistry). The shit is going to start hitting the fan shortly when all the people entering the workforce got their degrees using ChatGPT. I will only trust old white guys to do things correctly. permalink Saltyminer11 11 points 11 hours ago Nothing more real than chemistry, physics, economics, biology.you are close to the source. permalink The_Emperor 5 points 8 hours ago Economics...pfft. still Keyesnian idiots running around with heads up asses permalink Constitutionalist_73 2 points 1 hour ago I know, right? First time that I've ever heard anyone declare economics to be a hard science - other than an economist... permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago Yep. I deal with hard data. You can't fake it. permalink Moose_Antlers 8 points 6 hours ago Tell that to the "climate scientists." By the time they site all of their instruments on the tarmacs breathing jet exhaust, add in a 3°F upward trend line to the data, delete half of the data stations entirely, "homogenize" the urban heat island effect they're actually measuring into the data for the rest of the planet, and publish it, there's nothing left that could ever be considered "hard data." Or should I describe how CDC removed the morbidity and mortality out of VAERS data by serial redefinition to illustrate "hard data" in medicine? I'd love to do clinical research, but I just can't right now, not in this environment. It's not science. permalink view 1 more comments... JamesBond007 6 points 11 hours ago Especially fly a Plane. Tats, nose rings, colored hair, etc and I’m taking a later flight. No dipshits in the cockpit like that one that did a carrier landing in the snow and ripped the nose gear off while an instructor pilot was sitting right next to her and did nothing permalink Jimmyprawns 3 points 8 hours ago The military has not been immune. permalink SirPokeSmottington 5 points 10 hours ago Actually they forgot the most important one... Watching the world burn and laughing permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 10 hours ago Kek permalink TheCheeseMaker 38 points 15 hours ago Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t getting rid of skilled/expert people esp. in esoteric but critical disciplines one of the steps of communist takeover? Remember when Venezuela booted their oil refining people and nobody knew how to refine their sticky crude so they lost a ton of money and eventually had to ship it to the Iranians to refine for them, for much less than they used to sell ot for. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 19 points 11 hours ago It's more like how the Europeans colonized Africa, built infrastructure like roads and trains, and then when they left it fell into disrepair because nobody competent existed to maintain it permalink glow-operator-2-0 9 points 10 hours ago Atlas shrugs ... permalink DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 9 hours ago Great story, but it relied on a fictional Macguffin we are nowhere close to achieving. In the real world, we've got no hidden city in the mountains to retreat to, no floating islands in the Pacific Ocean, or moon colonies. We're just stuck here watching these fucking cretins destroy everything our ancestors built over centuries, and there's nothing we can do about it because three generations of white people decided it was more important they party than have children when they could. permalink Jimmyprawns 3 points 7 hours ago Those damned beastie boys. Its amazing, the extent to which previous generations believed "sex drugs and rock and roll" was rally cry of progress and not a harbinger of destruction. permalink Jimmyprawns 4 points 7 hours ago Yes, the incompetents were given a path to power. Rat on the people who are good at their job. Accuse them of being counter revolutionaries. To be fixed/rehabilitated/erased they were sent to work camps. With competent people out of the way. Promotion of idiots becomes easy. In the absence of meritocracy, you get selection and retention based on ideology, nepotism (who do you or your mommy know) and legacy (who is your daddy and what did he do) The gulags weren't about keeping zeks (prisoners) alive particularly those charged with article 58 (treason/spying/counterrevolutionary activities). Real criminals were used as 'trusties' to help guards and staff maintain control of the camps. Sharaskas were ultimately established in the old prisons left empty by transition to the gulag system (work camps in Siberia). These were research Institutes where the imprisoned competents were put to work on secret projects that design bureaus, that no longer had competent staff, could no longer handle. Head of the Soviet space program came from a sharashka. And andre tupolev (famous aircraft engineer) did time in one. permalink FusionBlack 37 points 15 hours ago I fall under #1 and they want me to come back to work. Screw that. permalink imnotdeadyet 21 points 14 hours ago I'm more of a 1.5. My group kept cutting and cutting and not replacing those that were separated. My VP came to me and said to lad off one of my senior leaders. I asked why and he just said layoffs. He was older and high paid, so I knew that's how hw was selected. I thought about it for a few hours a resigned. I told the VP if he wanted the leaders laid off he would need to do it. We was several weeks from quarterly closing, so I was asked to say on for another 3 weeks. I agreed if my leader was not laid off. He agreed. I wanted to stay so I could tell the people I worked with that I resigned and was not fired or laid off. I didn't trust the VP to tell the truth, so I was able head off any lies he might tell. I was only 6 months from retirement, but I had planned to work for a few more years cause I was putting my kiddo thru law school. I thought about getting another job for about 15 minutes and said 40 years was enough. permalink FusionBlack 13 points 13 hours ago Put my son thru school to get his masters. As soon as that was over I said to my 65 year old self,I have had enough. permalink imnotdeadyet 10 points 13 hours ago Good for you. It was funny because the last year I worked every day that year including Christmas. I did not work all day mind you, but I was doing emails and calls. Hell, I was on vacation in Iceland on a Glacier and my cell phone rang and I got pulled into a conference call. The guide was like what the hell is going on here? I just kept walking and talking. I made sure to ask why I was needed to make a decision while on vacation in Iceland. The call didn't last very long! permalink FusionBlack 8 points 13 hours ago The best feeling I had when retiring was when I turned in my phone and tablet. Not checking those soul sucking devices anymore made me a free man. permalink view 3 more comments... FL_Trumpnado 34 points 14 hours ago The pajeets that have replaced them are ensuring widespread failure..............pajeets are fucking disgusting people that can not pee or poop in the appropriate device and spread pee and poop all over the floor in a bathroom and on every surface imaginable permalink FL_Trumpnado 19 points 14 hours ago Much less code............... permalink A_Feral_Duck 14 points 12 hours ago Last three Indian coders we had were awful. 1st couldn’t do more than copy/paste out of stackoverflow. Didn’t even bother correcting the spelling errors which was the final nail in his coffin. 2nd took 6 weeks to complete a task that should have taken 2 hours and managed to lose his work because he never bothered to commit to source control.* 3rd was nice enough but if you gave him a task you knew someone else would be redoing it a week later. Now if I see a resume that mentions a university or employer in India it goes straight in the trash. (I can do that without running afoul of the HR rules) *he says his local work space got corrupted. He also left for another job soon after that. We debated going after him for theft of time suspecting he spent those six weeks job hunting and not working, but the lawyers said we’d spend far more going after him than we could recoup. permalink D__1 5 points 10 hours ago Buh buh but...he had 4 bachelors and 2 masters degrees... permalink Jimmyprawns 3 points 7 hours ago HR is always blinded by its own bullshit. Bullshit degree holders are easily fooled by bullshit degree holders permalink MAGA-Fett 2 points 7 hours ago Yup, I’ve had a Cisco TAC case open for weeks, the two Jeets assigned have no fucking clue and my issue remains. permalink klunniclowns2 28 points 15 hours ago planned obsolescence? They've done this with everything. Now they want to do with everyone. They replace the product or process that was once trustworthy and sound with something that cannot be relied on and fully trusted. permalink SoulSurvivor 2 points 11 hours ago Yep... They've been trying to stuff humans into neat, multiple choice only, zero non-conforming anything, so it's all standardized in a database so they can automate everything. Welcome my son. Welcome....to... the machine. permalink glow-operator-2-0 1 points 10 hours ago Machines breakdown, and A.I. may be incapable of some unique tasks. permalink TrumpShadow 25 points 15 hours ago The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was the worst policy ever created. It allowed these troglodytes to take over. permalink scruffyshoulders 2 points 3 hours ago What's funny is this law is broken every time they descriminate against whites. It's why whites are winning lawsuits against IBM and Red Hat for their racist hiring practices. So it isn't the law, per se, that is the issue. It's more that the law isn't applied equally thanks to DEI, which is, in fact, illegal according to the law. But as we've seen, laws are only as good as the judges applying them. permalink Stossels_stach 22 points 15 hours ago Meanwhile, all the competent men are building a home that they can defend when the time comes. Self reliance goes a long way permalink skuts 22 points 14 hours ago They've all retired to Galt's Gulch. permalink GallowsTime 5 points 14 hours ago Yep. permalink KonaBlue 18 points 14 hours ago This is the EXACT situation in South Africa right now as all the infrastructure systems are failing and not maintainable by the looting class permalink nakedjay 2 points 5 hours ago This was my first thought. It proves that intelligence had an impact on how modern civilization was developed. Remove the high IQ people and all you have are dumb savages. Civilization crumbles. permalink Chihuahuaminpin 16 points 14 hours ago Don't forget the straight east asian American males. They are treated just as bad as straight white American males. Believe me. They are treated like trash. permalink Mintap 10 points 14 hours ago Yes, but also even Japan relies on some hyper-competent white males for some of their complex infrastructure (like code). permalink nakedjay 3 points 5 hours ago Yes, they get treated as if they are just white males. It's funny how the groups with the higher IQ's get treated like shit by everyone else. permalink Super_Comfortable 2 points 3 hours ago No I’d say it’s worse for them. Actual downsides of being a minority + being held to higher standards. Regardless, neither group should be marginalized like that because of how they are for how useful they are to society permalink MythArcana 15 points 14 hours ago Wait until he learns medical schools cap White male admissions to 25%. permalink CasuallyObservant 8 points 10 hours ago Remember, the J-e-w-s are not counted as white. permalink Super_Comfortable 3 points 3 hours ago I’ve never understood this permalink CasuallyObservant 1 points 2 hours ago If you aren't familiar with The Kalergi Plan, from the 1923 book written by Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, here it is in a nutshell: The KALERGI PLAN is this: Genocide of the Christian Whites, with Jews left to be the ultimate rulers, done by various means such as forcing mass immigration of 3rd world peoples into White western nations creating poverty and conflict, diluting the White race by encouraging and promoting race mixing, creating scenarios (false flags) to encourage White Christian nations to war against each other reducing the White population, destroying the patriarchal family unit by providing porn, encouraging homosexuality, promiscuity, abortion, free birth control & reducing femininity and masculinity, blurring the lines with women working outside the home instead of starting a family and raising the children. Kalergi in his own words: “The (European) man of the future will be of mixed race. Today’s races and classes will disappear owing to the disappearing of space (nations), time, and prejudice. The Eurasian-Negroid race of the future, similar in its outward appearance to the Ancient Egyptians, will replace the diversity of peoples with a diversity of individuals” J-e-w-s see the Whites as their enemy/adversary/competition. The rivalry goes all the way back. Some theologians suggest Christian Whites (Israelites) descend from Adam's lineage with Eve (Abel's bloodline) while J-e-w-s descend from Lucifer's lineage with Eve (Cain's bloodline). After Cain killed Abel and was banished from Eden, he fled and formed his own lineage (Canaanites) and city (Canaan) and multiplied creating a vast line of descendants. And, based on biblical accounts, the Canaanites and the Israelites (who trace their lineage back to Adam through Abraham) were indeed depicted as antagonists or adversaries. permalink Saltish 13 points 14 hours ago He forgot to mention who will be blamed when the systems inevitably fail: White men. permalink chinigga 13 points 13 hours ago happened to me in 2023 when i lost my main client. a couple others came in to fill the void when it was known i was available. but, they all wanted to pay 1/3 less. i put up with it for a year, then slow-closed my business and left the industry after 24 years with a pristine reputation. i opened another business in a completely different field. fuck em all. permalink SoulSurvivor 5 points 11 hours ago I know dude... it's fucked. Especially when your perfect reputation gets lost in a sea of fickwits... this is why so many dudes have high blood pressure permalink NonbinaryPotatohead 13 points 12 hours ago Have 2 advanced degrees and built business abroad that is still standing. Came back during covid and found out I was unhireable, undesireable and too smart for corporate America. I had a bit of a culture shock. This country was unrecognizable to me. Fuck em. Stop buying their shitty fake stocks too. Saw my hometown overrun by foreign losers, surprisingly many Pakistanis and other mid east losers. Spanish everywhere. Blacks yapping while the old white lady was the only one actually doing the work in government jobs EVERYWHERE, especially Post Office. White population is GONE. Like genocided. Used to be nearly all white just 10 years ago. White society brought us the most advanced medicine and technology this planet has ever seen in recorded history. White people are more emotionally sympathetic to a fault. White people are more creative in the arts. More inventive with original ideas. The list goes on and on. I consider North/East Asians as a mirror reflection (similar but a flipped image). They have refined arts and many inventions that have benefited society and were advanced for their time. Notice the entire world was told to hate Asians along with Whites during BLM/Pride euphoric era a few years ago? permalink CCGJoe 12 points 13 hours ago Being invaded by India 🇮🇳 permalink MAGALADON9 8 points 11 hours ago Nikki "Nimratta radhawa" Halley, Vivek Ramaswami, JD Vances "guru" his democrat until he ran wife, Elon musks baby momma of 4 of his kids (Punjabi), there are many more and I've just noticed it getting worse permalink sordfysh PRO 12 points 14 hours ago You see this in home ownership, too. Houses become dilapidated when there isn't a competent man around to keep things maintained. Houses are becoming too complicated and too cheaply built for the standard high school graduate to maintain without mentorship. And when they move first generation home owners into these properties, you often get serious property damage from lack of proper care. permalink Maxdady01 12 points 14 hours ago Mike Rowe tried telling two generations. permalink Elencher 17 points 14 hours ago Mike Rowe can’t do shot when the jobs aren’t there due to discrimination permalink SoulSurvivor 4 points 11 hours ago Fucking A right. Be white and 50+... gotta run your own gig permalink Moose_Antlers 4 points 6 hours ago He's doing what he can do and encouraging young men to seek to be competent and capable. He's doing what any proper father or grandfather would do for the next generation of young men. No, Mike Rowe can't fix the DEI discrimination racket. But he can teach young men to gain the skills to set up their own shop and seek self-sufficiency. He can give scholarships to young men who go into the trades to do real work. He does that. Don't crap on the man for doing something we desperately need more of in society, IMO. permalink least_counties_ever 11 points 13 hours ago Who is John Galt? permalink Themis595 8 points 12 hours ago Just went to follow this guy and his account is suspended. Figures. permalink Wildcard235 3 points 11 hours ago Hopefully the account was only suspended by a poorly written anti-white-supremacy filter and the account will be back soon. permalink nakedjay 1 points 5 hours ago The post was from 2019. Before Elon took over. So, the communists running Twitter banned him for "hate speech". permalink dukeofdoorcounty 7 points 14 hours ago They deserve what's coming permalink Faction 7 points 14 hours ago it will be a slow decline of failing infrastructure and third worlders looting america unless drastic action is taken to reverse immigration permalink HanginChad 6 points 14 hours ago That's what they want. Because then they can launder money while the DEIs they hire to do the job take the blame. permalink FlyOverCitizen 5 points 10 hours ago My husband; “doing the impossible for the ungrateful”. Master electrician. He is a great man. permalink fr33d0mTruck 4 points 14 hours ago intelligence and civility is under attack permalink MAGALADON9 4 points 11 hours ago We are now hyper competent goat and chicken farmers with a passion for woodworking. We also try to do some Uber and such on the side permalink f_bastiat 4 points 11 hours ago It's a culture shift. Having a hard time getting kids to join the trades, I try constantly to get new people into our union program but no one wants to play the long game of 5 more years of (free) school and a 30 year career ending with a pension, they wanna get rich NOW and do it without working hard. I have noticed a lot more kids repulsed by the idea of college just to go to college so that's a plus at least. It's the ones that are in their mid to late 20s that have realized they should have listened to me 10 years ago. permalink 73Cuda 6 points 11 hours ago I think unions are dying a slow death. Im a white guy that got a STEM degree, early 40s, and Ive done so well Im thinking about retiring by 45. Its not that I dont want to contribute to society, its that I dont want to contribute to this society. permalink f_bastiat 1 points 10 hours ago I think it's regional from a union standpoint, I'm in a right to work state so our union members have to be more valuable than non union to be able to compete in the market and command a better wage. Unions are evolving into something else, it's less about protecting workers from the big bad employers and more about creating more valuable workers and pooling funds to create safety net and retirement for their members. I own my company and still contribute like a regular member because its a quality program. I have 6 trucks on the road and all my guys clear 6 figures if they average 32hr a week. It's kind of like a church in that all the members know each other and help each other out when needed, really good community to be a part of. I've heard horror stories of unions up north though so like I said I think it's regional. permalink Saltyminer11 4 points 11 hours ago I know a lot of young men who are starting their own businesses permalink JamesBond007 4 points 11 hours ago Yep, I can work forever because no one can replace me. No one climbing through the ranks anymore looking to rise and make more. They don’t even want to work and just run in place. Don’t want any responsibility. I’m retired but can’t walk away from the good $$$$$ permalink SkullE 1 points 2 hours ago Same here. As long as i stay healthy I've got this job. It just takes caring and being able to balance projects and future think supplies and needed contractors. To me its something anyone can do if you put your mind to it. but the more i get into peoples minds the more i see they are just empty, given up, quiet quitting, meat robots, etc... permalink CasuallyObservant 1 points 10 hours ago What line of work are you in that pays the big bucks? permalink RiolindasReturn 3 points 10 hours ago X account suspended. permalink HumphreyPlowjogger 3 points 14 hours ago ☝️☝️This 👆👆 permalink FuckCommies 3 points 11 hours ago We are busy fortifying our properties and training. permalink julianReyes 3 points 14 hours ago This is why I laugh at "globohomo are 500lb brains" comments here. permalink Moose_Antlers 3 points 6 hours ago Figuring out how to weaponize jealousy, insecurity, vanity, and greed for your own expendable revolutionary army is a big brain maneuver. Getting rid of the expendables after you've seized power is another. The textbook was written over 100 years ago. And sadly, it works. They keep doing it. They keep succeeding in regime-changing nations and installing themselves into power. They succeed in looting their host countries, and then sneaking out the back door before the whole thing collapses to seek another host. The expendable idiots are what they are, but their puppetmasters aren't totally stupid. They know how to manipulate the mob, and it may just be that's all they need. permalink julianReyes 0 points 4 hours ago Figuring out how to weaponize jealousy, insecurity, vanity, and greed for your own expendable revolutionary army is a big brain maneuver No it's not, lmao. You stupid psychopath LARPer. What part of "I will dismantle the infrastructure I rely on" do you not understand? Oh right, because you are brain damaged. permalink 1_Badcop 1 points 1 hour ago "What part of 'I will dismantle the infrastructure I rely on' do you not understand?" Well, I assume he's talking about parasites, and that is exactly what parasites do...feed on their host until the host is no longer capable of feeding them, then moving on to a new host. It's easy to study parasites in nature, whether they be insects or microorganisms, etc. Strange how many people can't recognize parasites when they are bipedal. Please excuse me now, I have to go drink my morning juice. permalink BoricuaPede 2 points 13 hours ago This guy neither spells nor capitalizes properly. Fits right in with the anti-intellectual dingdongs who infest this site. permalink Oodles 2 points 10 hours ago They want it to fail. They thrive on crisis. They want you scared so they can fleece you and take away more of your rights permalink MegoThor 2 points 12 hours ago Not giving a single fuck about the system that has betrayed them. permalink GETCHURbooztahh 2 points 8 hours ago Same thing that happened in south africa. Just much slower in usa. permalink JamalPaintTheFence 2 points 8 hours ago Sick and tired of holding up EVERYTHING while some dumbfuck pajeets try to claim credit for my successes and constantly complain about self inflicted problems. Ready to let it fall. permalink Pede 2 points 11 hours ago If you're going to post something like that, you really need to make sure your spelling is on point. permalink Stlpoolguy 2 points 11 hours ago John Galt syndrome permalink 73Cuda 1 points 11 hours ago Some truth to this, but there are positions which you absolutely cant survive unless you are technically competent. I know several white guys my age, early 40s in these roles, and several more nearing retirement in 60s. permalink NickAtNight 1 points 7 hours ago I retired last year ! Have fun. permalink Dantalian 1 points 6 hours ago Our civilization is in collapse, as intended. Average IQ peaked in the 1880s. We can't even maintain the systems & infrastructure invented by prior, functional generations. I cannot replace my corian counters, because nobody in 300 miles can do it (the guy who used to serve our part of the state years ago). It's hard to get any trade - plumber, electrician, roofer - because those still working are well over 65, overwhelmed with work, & can't even hire someone to help with the unskilled parts. The internet gets less useful by the day, because the band-aid solutions current workers use make the whole thing more prone to collapse. It will get far worse from here. permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 11 hours ago The goal is to make you violent and racist to justify accelerating all of that. permalink RedCalifornia 1 points 8 hours ago Who is John Galt? permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 1 points 7 hours ago Don't worry fellas, when the global economy falls apart in the next few years here, and society collapses back into a feudal state at best, it'll be our time to shine once again! permalink cwayfish 1 points 30 minutes ago We have dropped out of this fucked up society and, we will be fine. We are self sufficient and dont need anyone to keep our own castles in order, in operation and, maintained. permalink marriedwitchfarmvote 1 points 29 minutes ago They didn't want to hire the next generation, who they hated and treated like a threat. They hung onto those jobs till all the underlings were plebs who were no threat and now they have no one to take their place. permalink LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 10 hours ago it's already happening. notice all the collapses and crashes? permalink AslanFan 1 points 10 hours ago https://youtu.be/0akdECguSVs?si=DUWsaFGvi2-JsvFU permalink FireTheCannons1776 1 points 6 minutes ago The Apollo era was the first gen of good white men. The men they taught, mentored or inspired are the ones getting out now. They saw the writing on the wall. They stayed as long as they could in good jobs, and when they were let go, can't find new work because they aren't 'qualified'. permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 8 hours ago Good let it It's the only way half the people will do some introspection. Or they wont and they will just suffer and die with how correct they are The rest of us are prepping permalink MAGALOVER 1 points 7 hours ago I was pushed out by 2 liberal white woman from corporate who operated in another state.... .... because I wasn't female or a gay man. I heard through the grapevine that they're struggling something awful. Honestly.... when people fuck you in life ?? You can get bitter or better. I choose the latter. permalink Moose_Antlers 1 points 6 hours ago I did both. It's one thing to let it happen and use it as motivation for self-improvement. It is good to be uncomfortable. That's when you grow. But I'm not forgetting who made it necessary, and I'm damn sure not forgiving them for needlessly inflicting misery upon me simply for having been born with a skin color they don't approve of today. permalink Dallasguy 1 points 10 hours ago I'm working two jobs with 17 year olds and retirees as my peers. I outwork them all and make roughly the same as they do. permalink SkullE 1 points 3 hours ago You all have no idea as to how bad this really is. Imagine a future only 10 years away when all of the knowledgeable grey haired white men are no longer at their jobs. These jobs take 5 to 10 years to learn proficiently where your trusted to go out alone and handle the work orders. There are no young people in the 25 to 40 year old age range at them anymore. Where I'm at, the ENTIRE staff is 60+. And we go around taking care of customers stuff as best we can. permalink Philhelm 1 points 22 minutes ago They'll want us for the next war. permalink UncleSteve_PedeHere 1 points 10 hours ago White and/or Male permalink MySidesGoUp 1 points 3 hours ago Treating women like retards and offering massive tax breaks hasn’t helped much. The govt has removed man, father and God from the home. permalink MAGA-Fett 1 points 7 hours ago In the power industry I can tell lots of old white guys are retiring. Those guys that operate the power grid, the linesmen that do the physical repairs, the Comm guys that do the field communications. Can’t just hire some wetback to do those jobs. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1059 Where all the hyper- competent white men go? posted 15 hours ago by Jetjockey 122 comments