673 Musk considers backing Vance instead of starting a third party — WSJ posted 11 hours ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 65 comments 65 comments Cali_kid 69 points 11 hours ago The Jeet party failed to gain popularity permalink WhiteBoySummer 45 points 10 hours ago Vance’s wife & children are jeets. That’s why musk supports him permalink yukondave 14 points 7 hours ago Bingo, JD Vance and his wife USHA names his kids.... Ewan, Mirabel and VIVEK Thats right that VIVEK RAMASWAMY was JD'S college roommate and buddy. Tech bro permalink Cacciali_Via 2 points 5 hours ago So what? He used to be a democrat just like Trump. permalink Zyxl 5 points 4 hours ago Don't you think it's odd that almost every big person on the right is a former Democrat? And the ones who weren't were neocons? And for all these people who saw the light and converted, how come almost none of them talk about it? How many of those conversions actually happened? permalink view 1 more comments... TakingCoatsWIN 2 points 4 hours ago Trump was only democrat during the GWB years. Republican before that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVjwYcOwT_w permalink Comeon4954 0 points 3 hours ago I don’t think they were roommates. They were classmates at Yale. He is married to a Hindu somehow and Vivek is a common name for those weird dirty worshippers. permalink Mortal_Wombat 3 points 3 hours ago They were all "friends". Vivek, Usha, and JD. The Thiel connection is more concerning than Vivek...but they're both bad looks. permalink 5DchessWatch 2 points 8 hours ago Technical support by proxy permalink Nerdrem3 2 points 4 hours ago No it's because Musk is friends with Thiel going back to PayPal and Thiel is tight with Vance. permalink thewordwolf 23 points 11 hours ago It's still the Jeet party. Just Jeet-lite... with a White guy. permalink Kingoftheroad 17 points 10 hours ago A white guy with jeet wife amd jeet kids? Yeah its Jeet heavy. The heaviest Jeet party its ever been actually more than Kamala even permalink Kingoftheroad 17 points 10 hours ago This is the Jeet party have you seen his wife and kids? This is all a game anyway. OF COURSE Musk would back Vance like he did from day 1 since Vance is interconnected to Elon through Peter Thiel. Is everyone blind? permalink Cacciali_Via 7 points 5 hours ago I know a white guy, West Point grad, helo pilot, who married an Indian woman. She was born here and dislikes Indians. Just because his wife is Indian, doesn't mean he supports H1B. permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 3 points 9 hours ago So he hitched his wagon to the Venture Capitalist wing of the Republican party. permalink EvilGreed209 22 points 11 hours ago Vance is Peter Thiel pet u know the guy who thinks humanity can die because he has a.i. robotics now and can't wait to launch carrier drone armies on Gen z and alpha in next 5 years. permalink NeoDragoon 11 points 10 hours ago You mean the guy who backed the Hulk Hogan lawsuit against Gawker? permalink imnotdeadyet 16 points 10 hours ago That was a boss move. Got to give him some credit! permalink FBIsurveillance 5 points 10 hours ago the technocracy wont allow anything else. This will usher in revelations permalink 1777 1 points 1 hour ago Vance did have a come up out of nowhere. permalink Trump4Infinity 1 points 4 minutes ago Well he was actually mimicking paul ryan when trump ran in 2015. Got very unpopular amongst the constituency and rebranded with the help of peter thiel. Now he's supper MAGA as long as the current batch of donors are supportive...until their not. My guess by 2029 we'll be back to the rino's giggling while doing fuck all. permalink Taupkek 16 points 10 hours ago Vance = Vivek = mass Indian H1B. Not rocket science. permalink Cacciali_Via 8 points 5 hours ago What has Vance ever said to make you think that? Michelle Malkin is a Philipina, married to a Jew, and she hates non-white immigration. Not everything is as simple as you think. permalink AlvinOfTheTrumpmunks 9 points 11 hours ago One way to get the group back together, have a bigger enemy for them to fight instead of each other. permalink YodaBannon 4 points 11 hours ago play freebird! permalink whitesmurf 5 points 10 hours ago Vance Trump 2028 permalink travelfeet -5 points 7 hours ago Rubio Vance 2028 permalink Zyxl 4 points 3 hours ago Remember when MAGA hated Rubio? Or when Vance was a liberal? And how none of these people actually changed? permalink Cacciali_Via 2 points 5 hours ago Foam party Rubio? No thanks. permalink MaximumMAGA 5 points 6 hours ago Man I want to like Vance. Saw this coming a mile away. permalink HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 10 hours ago ...until Musk's next drug fueled chimp out. He needs to focus on getting his ass to Mars. permalink RFKJrsVocalChords 3 points 9 hours ago Of course, because Vance is a Peter Thiel product. Totally fake person. permalink swift_water 3 points 10 hours ago Pft. Obviously the plan all along. permalink FBIsurveillance 3 points 10 hours ago the technocracy wont allow anything else. This will usher in revelations permalink JanOctSept 2 points 2 hours ago He had fucking better… permalink BigE_123456 2 points 3 hours ago So they guy that wants to Chip everyones brain and is surrounding the globe with Starlink is going to back the guy that has ties to Palantir. Whodda Thunk It????!!!! permalink Lasheric 2 points 17 minutes ago I love trump… but after JD’s intern with Trump I think he will be just as good. Rubio or santos should be his Vp permalink indigo_truther 1 points 5 minutes ago Hard not to think it will be Vivek permalink You_know_Whews 1 points 2 hours ago Handlers tell musk to pretend considering backing Vance instead of pretending to be behind a new party, that they would also control permalink RockyBalboa 1 points 31 minutes ago Elon checking in, saar permalink proDeoEtPatria 1 points 3 hours ago Elon is too emotional. No one needs his unreliable endorsement permalink Txiribiton 1 points 2 hours ago We need a MAGA party to fight against corruption, pedophiles, debt and the free money for foreign countries. permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 1 points 10 hours ago Smart permalink UltraFrogMan 0 points 5 hours ago Lotta anti Vance shills since that n ewsome Twitter stuff. Hmm. permalink dparks2010 0 points 2 hours ago As much as he tainted himself going against Trump - the more I think about it, the better Desantis looks. Vance is starting to set off my, Bullshit-O-Meter , and needs to do something big to calm it down. permalink MudDog 0 points 10 hours ago wait, is vance a jeet? permalink 5DchessWatch 4 points 8 hours ago His wife is Indian permalink 37dwarves 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Dantalian -1 points 6 hours ago I'm torn - the GOP has ensured we have ZERO legit representation for over 40 years, and they openly obstruct any reform even now. Now that it appears Trump's Generals won't lift a finger to fix anything (Pam Blondi, Cash Patel, Bongino), I despair that the GOP can ever become legitimate. permalink thebeercules -4 points 11 hours ago Sorry to burst Elon's mental breakdown bubble, but JD can't be bought either! permalink Kingoftheroad 7 points 10 hours ago He already is what are you blind hopefuls talking about. And do we really want Indian First Family? Fuck man maybe its what we need permalink Cacciali_Via 5 points 4 hours ago I would take Vance and his half breed children over Gavin Newsom's all white family in the White House. permalink Pener_Parker -5 points 10 hours ago Never Vance. Major Pence vibes. I’ll take Rubio over him to be honest. I don’t need a Peter Thiel puppet permalink WanderingPepe 5 points 9 hours ago I'll pass on the Puetro Rico Canadian too. permalink LiquidSun 4 points 9 hours ago I agree. Many don't seem to see it yet. permalink Cacciali_Via 1 points 5 hours ago You want Marco "Foam Party" Rubio as president? Are you gay? Why are you gay? permalink Pener_Parker 3 points 4 hours ago Hah nah I’m saying he’s worse than Rubio. Big difference fren permalink Cacciali_Via 1 points 46 minutes ago Rubio is a pro amnesty fag. How can you support his track record in office? He co-authored the 2013 amnesty reform bill that almost passed. Would have legalized millions of illegals. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 673 Musk considers backing Vance instead of starting a third party — WSJ posted 11 hours ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 65 comments