1754 Tulsi Gabbard strips the security clearances of 37 more Intelligence Community officials involved in intel report that launched Russiagate hoax. (nypost.com) posted 17 hours ago by flp999 113 comments Exclusive | Tulsi Gabbard strips 37 of security clearances over Obama-ordered intel report that launched Russiagate Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard announced the revocation of 37 security clearances of current and former officials who “abused public trust by politicizing and manipulating&#8… nypost.com 113 comments Prof_Smith 74 points 17 hours ago Strip every single one of them. Retire, leave service, ect you drop your clearance day 1. We should not let these blood sucking scum make bank on our good graces. permalink stjimmy92 32 points 17 hours ago Seriously, if we ever need to consult with them again after they leave just have them reapply for clearance. permalink Prof_Smith 3 points 12 hours ago Yep. Had a commie on here a while back claiming he was saving people because he used his to work a job. No reason but using our information to better himself. permalink Ndmand69 15 points 17 hours ago Damn Straight!!! permalink Toobigtorig123 22 points 17 hours ago I can't upvote this enough.....Tulsi was subjected to being labeled a terrorist when she spoke the truth. She is working like an surgeon to remove the tumors and cancel cells..Remember when as a former representative and freaking presidential candidate, Tulsi Gabbard, was enrolled in the TSA's Quiet Skies program, which is a SUSPECTED TERRORIST WATCHLIST. https://burchett.house.gov/media/press-releases/rep-burchett-demands-answers-tsa-about-tulsi-gabbard-quiet-skies-watchlist permalink Red_in_Blue_NJ 7 points 15 hours ago A woman scorned! Bring the heads of those mother fuckers permalink covfefeit 9 points 15 hours ago Revoke security clearances????? How these people free? Why are they breathing? They committed treason. permalink Prof_Smith 7 points 15 hours ago Some yeah. I mean revoke every single security clearance floating. permalink JustInTime2_ 3 points 13 hours ago Yes. They can earn money some other way other selling out the US. permalink kinbergfan 2 points 11 hours ago take away their pensions permalink Region 1 points 13 hours ago Stripped of their life is a better starting point. The penalty for treason is death. permalink MythArcana 38 points 17 hours ago It's shocking that these people get lifetime security clearance well after they leave their positions. This needs to STOP. permalink MAGA-Fett 11 points 16 hours ago Meh, it’s the way security clearances work. They last for 7 years, after that you need a new background investigation. If you leave a job you don’t lose it, and can use it for a new (government) job. However it doesn’t mean you have access to anything. You must be in a current government job that requires a security clearance to actually “use it”. They can’t just walk into a Top Secret library and look at any old TS document they want, that isn’t how it works. Revoking it just means they’ll have to get a new investigation and approval if they ever get another government job requiring it. permalink Underpants 9 points 16 hours ago This is important. People think just because someone has a TS clearance they can do to some special library or website and look at all of the TS information that’s out there. permalink MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 16 hours ago It's an offshoot of the Gell-Mann amnesia effect. Most people just plain don't know much about most things. Unless it's something they personally had a reason to learn about, their information about something starts as an empty void and is usually filled by whatever they saw in a movie or just guessed. Since most people don't have a reason to get a security clearance or learn about how they work, the void is filled by what they just assume it probably means, and they'll just go on 'knowing' that's what it means until corrected. permalink MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 16 hours ago A lot of companies that have something to do with national security require them as well. If you want to work a lot of jobs at Lockheed, Raytheon, several of the bigger private security companies, etc you need to have a security clearance. Same with all of those policy recommending 'think tanks'. Revoking them for these communists is a nice way to hit them from that angle too as they can't go on to be a lobbyist at General Dynamics without one. permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 3 points 15 hours ago A more appropriate description is to say they don’t lose it but it goes inactive once they get read off any programs they were on and once their clearance expires they need a full investigation to get it back. In the case of these former officials they usually do maintain their clearances based on the theory their expertise may be called upon by current officials and the current officials want to have the ability to discuss what is going on even if it’s classified. permalink Chickapede 3 points 16 hours ago The downside to this is companies that hire get very lazy, as do govt offices, and rather than let new talent come on board, demand a CURRENT TSI clearance and so it just keeps the same old traitors rotating around from one office to another. So it's hard for new real patriots to get into the "circle of trust." Their excuse: You don't have a security clearance. permalink KartoffelPuffer 1 points 11 hours ago It's not laziness, it's monetary. A clearance investigation can cost a company well in excess of $100k. permalink Datamancer 1 points 13 hours ago That is what I don't get. None of them should have had any 'need to know'. There are plenty of people currently working with security clearances and need-to-know that can help with pretty much anything.... unless of course you are working off the books so to speak and need to keep legitimate eyes off of whatever you are doing. permalink KartoffelPuffer 1 points 11 hours ago It's because they have to work in secure facilities where the default is to hold a clearance at the facility level, or they have a job that may result in viewing information outside "need to know". (Communications, networking, crypto, etc) permalink modded 19 points 17 hours ago While the corrupt retards Trump hired just announce investigations that lead nowhere, Tulsi is making things happen. Her and RFK are awesome. permalink DebunkTheLeft 22 points 17 hours ago They are both scorned former democrats, and pissed. permalink Aquamine-Amarine 19 points 17 hours ago As is Trump. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 9 hours ago Hell with Tulsi that has Hillarys fingerprints all over it. Someone who wasnt in a elected position using the federal government go after another citizen. permalink SnowflakeScorcher 12 points 17 hours ago yeah it seems like those two are the only ones producing actual results, and Trump of course. permalink LLP2 14 points 17 hours ago Tom Homan enters the chat ... permalink SnowflakeScorcher 7 points 17 hours ago oh yeah, sorry, forgot about him permalink imnotdeadyet 7 points 16 hours ago Don't forget Pete. He is kicking ass and taking names. permalink view 1 more comments... LLP2 4 points 17 hours ago I live in a blue shithole, so I give thanks for him every day! permalink view 8 more comments... Constitution_1788 1 points 11 hours ago He got this one right. Bigly. permalink CorvettePatriot 12 points 17 hours ago It’s very telling that the “2 more weeks” meme doesn’t apply to Tulsi. permalink RonPaulWasRight 11 points 17 hours ago She got burned by the machine more than most. Hillary touted the 'Russian asset' hoax and got her put on the terrorist watch list. She's out for vengeance. permalink UCantStumpTheTrump 8 points 11 hours ago I think Gabbard will end up being one of Trump's most consequential picks because she will not let this go until people are punished permalink SnowflakeScorcher 5 points 17 hours ago hopefully it stays that way permalink airborne3502 9 points 17 hours ago The DOJ needs to indict the intelligence officials who signed off on the Hunter Biden laptop. permalink SalteenCracker 4 points 17 hours ago The DOJ will not be indicting them. The multiple grand juries that are currently investigating the cases will indict them. There are rules - this isn't 'Nam. permalink airborne3502 2 points 16 hours ago The DOJ is the one that presents evidence to a grand jury and if the grand jury finds sufficient evidence they return with an indictment. Federal prosecutors, within the DOJ, work within the courts to empanel grand juries in federal cases. It all starts with the DOJ. The laptop was turned in in 2019. The FBI knew early on it was authentic. Not currently aware of a single grand jury, state or federal, looking at this. permalink SalteenCracker 2 points 12 hours ago Mike Davis recently said he was aware of four separate grand juries working on cases relevant to our interests. permalink SalteenCracker 2 points 11 hours ago Check the 1:45 mark: https://rumble.com/v6xt0r0-the-stolen-presidency-how-the-intel-agencies-colluded-against-donald-trump-.html permalink airborne3502 1 points 5 hours ago Thanks, John Solomon is always worth a listen. permalink chickeninoven 1 points 15 hours ago Two more weeks. Stay tuned for bombshells and holy smokes. permalink BirthHole 9 points 16 hours ago The ease with which Clapper, Brennan, and Comey dipped thier organizations into a political election shows the deep-rooted problem not only within the Intel community, but DC as a whole. These orgs need to be disbanded and disposed of, anything else is a futile belief it can 'be fixed'. We dont need a CIA, and we dont need a national police gestapo. Not only a waste of money, but this coordinated soft coup attempt is a clear indicator 'we the people' dont need this threat to democracy. SHUT IT DOWN permalink KarenLukasik 7 points 16 hours ago Everyday,I love her a little bit more.I am so happy she’s a part of this restoration to common sense and nonpartisan governance. permalink Patriot_Dave 5 points 16 hours ago Rogue has been one of the better appointments IMO. permalink LUXURY_USERNAME 5 points 15 hours ago First female President contender. permalink dontdrinksoy 5 points 15 hours ago Tulsi's awesome. A real warrior. Smart, hard working, and doesn't take anyone's shit. permalink abstr4ct 5 points 16 hours ago going after tulsi has turned out to be a grave mistake. permalink FusionBlack 5 points 16 hours ago Between her and Rubio I am impressed. permalink westrock2000 4 points 14 hours ago Just think, this is all because someone thought it would cute to put her on a no fly list. Whew, she got some vengence in her. And I’m here to watch 🤩🫳🍿 permalink SigSauer1776 4 points 17 hours ago 8 months in.... permalink ToxicAvengerOhio 4 points 17 hours ago Better than the full scale cucking that was the entire 1st term permalink SnowflakeScorcher 9 points 17 hours ago More has been done in 7 months than the entire first term? permalink Chickapede 4 points 16 hours ago To be fair, Trump isn't being impeached just yet. permalink SnowflakeScorcher 1 points 10 hours ago yeah i meant from what i'm guessing more is happening than the first term, which was basically fake and gay (aside from gas prices). permalink ToxicAvengerOhio 4 points 17 hours ago Lock them up permalink Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 12 hours ago I love Tulsi G. She looks like a Bond villain in that photo. “What?! Do you expect me to TALK?”, “No, Mr. subversive, deep state toadie…” permalink Crappydatum 3 points 17 hours ago Now do the Hunter Biden stooges permalink BallotsOnRubysUSB 3 points 17 hours ago ︎ At that rate will have no more INTELLIGENCE! ︎ permalink Crappydatum 2 points 17 hours ago https://patriots.win/p/19BtBuKyZA/leftists-arent-made-theyre-born-/c permalink bleeje 3 points 17 hours ago Where's Brenden Dilley when you need him to disenfranchise the groypers who'll psyop the perception of these incredibly positive developments into negatives? permalink Lulzokbro 2 points 12 hours ago I've missed his videos since I was banned from totally pro free speech Twitter permalink GoldwaterVoter 3 points 12 hours ago Curious it took all this time to do the obvious. EVERY IC employee should lose clearance the day they leave employment. permalink BrionK 1 points 11 hours ago Best news I've heard in a long time. Thank you Tulsi. permalink suckmycorona 1 points 3 hours ago But not arrested? permalink perma-maga 1 points 17 hours ago waaay too easy on them permalink Protonboy 1 points 11 hours ago John Brennan DOESN'T enter the chat. permalink Logan051361 1 points 16 hours ago bring Charges against them permalink JanOctSept 1 points 15 hours ago The Tulsi spammer has been real quiet lately. permalink BurtMcGirt 1 points 15 hours ago So nice to have President Trump, Gabbard, Kennedy, and surprisingly Rubio DOING, rather than just talking. The whole Republican party needs to take lessons from them. permalink westrock2000 1 points 14 hours ago Just think, this is all because someone thought it would cute to put her on a no fly list. Whew, she got some vengence in her. And I’m here to watch 🤩🫳🍿 permalink chickeninoven 1 points 11 hours ago Tulsi Gabbard strips Link? permalink Quietam_Unum 1 points 15 hours ago When I left my last job, I had to turn in keys and systems' passwords were changed the day I left. Security clearances should be exactly the same; they leave the job, they surrender the clearance along keys, company 'phones laptops etc. permalink patriotplus 1 points 13 hours ago way to go Tulsi, I wish that Bondi slackwagon would get on board permalink ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 16 hours ago MOAR! permalink SteveRogers42 1 points 15 hours ago Where are the big names? permalink Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 17 hours ago Does Obama still have security clearance? permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 15 hours ago He never had one. Like all other previous presidents his access was based on holding the office. That doesn’t mean Trump can’t revoke his security briefings all living former presidents get since Biden created the precedent when he revoked Trump’s briefings shortly after being installed. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 8 hours ago Trump should do the same. Biden, and Obama. permalink goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 8 hours ago Trump already revoked Biden’s access. https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/113965169045323865 He did the same to Kamala, Hillary, and a few other people but not Obama or Bill Clinton. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-revokes-security-clearances-of-kamala-harris-hillary-clinton-and-other-prominent-dems/# permalink LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 13 hours ago I hope this starts at cycle where all administrations end security clearances for the previous ones. Thats the only way to keep corruption from rooting. permalink iamimaginos 1 points 16 hours ago Long overdue. Now, wheres Blondi? permalink DagneyTaggart 1 points 14 hours ago I voted hard for this. permalink redditadminssuckit 1 points 14 hours ago Excellent permalink Theannihilatrixx 1 points 14 hours ago Accelerate permalink Lulzokbro 1 points 12 hours ago Still no arrests permalink Choppermagic 1 points 14 hours ago ARREST and strip search them is better permalink Nanteen 1 points 11 hours ago Unless you're currently working for the government, you should not have a top secret clearance. permalink YearninNation 1 points 9 hours ago Traitor Trey? permalink aqua27 1 points 11 hours ago Excellent thats what I voted for now arrest them. permalink TPMJB 1 points 13 hours ago Why do people retain security credentials after they're out of their job? I lose email access some 4 hours before I even leave on my last day in most jobs... permalink AmericanLaborLover 1 points 15 hours ago Everyone guilty of wrongthink MUST be purged permalink 1MonkeyJr 1 points 13 hours ago Go, Tulsi! A mountain of skulls… permalink Big-E 1 points 10 hours ago It seems like the only Republican doing anything besides Trump is an ex Democrat. permalink SweetBeef 1 points 14 hours ago This is the 3rd time now? permalink ShotgunParade69x 1 points 1 hour ago I just read “tulsi gabbard strips” and that’s all I needed to read permalink dparks2010 0 points 17 hours ago If our DOJ had any balls they'd be making arrests. permalink MAGA-Fett 0 points 16 hours ago Not bad for a Hindu. Hopefully she accepts Jesus. permalink KernalMustard 1 points 8 hours ago You know karma is important to them. Be a bad person you live the next life again. Be a good person you advance. Praise their God or what ever is also important. Theres a pubic hairs difference in what they believe and what you believe. Their afterlife just takes longer to get to. If I believed in a afterlife I would lean more to what they believe than what christians believe. Doesnt change my values at all. I'd have those values if I believed in Jesus or not. Dont assume if someone doesnt follow what you follow they are baby eating monsters. I'll be honest who the fuck knows. I had a saying once. Live your life like its the last one. You might not do it perfectly but try your best. permalink YodaBannon -1 points 17 hours ago its happening! permalink RonPaulWasRight 2 points 16 hours ago Any arrests? No? It's not happening. permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 11 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1754 Tulsi Gabbard strips the security clearances of 37 more Intelligence Community officials involved in intel report that launched Russiagate hoax. (nypost.com) posted 17 hours ago by flp999 113 comments Exclusive | Tulsi Gabbard strips 37 of security clearances over Obama-ordered intel report that launched Russiagate Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard announced the revocation of 37 security clearances of current and former officials who “abused public trust by politicizing and manipulating&#8… nypost.com ×