1424 Secretary Linda McMahon : The Trump Admin will no longer stand by as states & school districts flout federal law. Starting today, 5 Northern Virginia school divisions must request reimbursement for all federal ed dollars & will be classified as high risk for future federal fundin posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 46 comments Secretary Linda McMahon @EDSecMcMahon • 18h The Trump Admin will no longer stand by as states & school districts flout federal law. Starting today, 5 Northern Virginia school divisions must request reimbursement for all federal ed dollars & will be classified as high risk for future federal funding. www.ed.gov U.S. Department of Education Places Five Northern Virginia School Districts on High-Risk Status and... 46 comments Ice_Joker 73 points 14 hours ago Do all of the counties in Los Angeles. They still give seminars on white supremacy. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 51 points 14 hours ago These 5 did far worse, getting the Biden administration to label parents as domestic terrorists for going to school board meetings to talk about sexual assault that happened in the school district. permalink Burisma 2 points 1 hour ago I remember this. Everyone denied it, but it happened. This is an amazing event because it was ones if the things I thought would never ever be addressed. permalink LegendFang 4 points 14 hours ago Explaining why it's a good thing? permalink JKillen 2 points 11 hours ago Fuck yea. This didn’t take a second permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 41 points 14 hours ago Arlington, Alexandria, Fairfax County, Loudoun County, Prince Williams County. Where the DC bureaucrats live to escape DC crime. permalink BloodElfSupporter 12 points 12 hours ago I’m trying to see where in our nation do the fakest hypocritical liberals live… NoVa Hollywood New England permalink henri_derelicte 22 points 14 hours ago Any state that’s still allowing men in women’s sports and doing this DEI, woke nonsense should be considered high risk and have to request reimbursement for all federal funding. While not directly under the purview of the dept. of education, I think we should say no free/reduced student meals for illegal immigrants permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 11 points 14 hours ago They did far worse, getting the Biden administration to label parents as domestic terrorists for going to school board meetings to talk about sexual assault that happened in the school district. permalink NotYourMan 6 points 12 hours ago Any state or school district with a "We take away your kids if you use the wrong pronoun" needs to get zero federal dollars. In fact, the federal government should start fining any school district with this crap. permalink doug2 4 points 12 hours ago I dont understand what having to ask reimbursement means permalink henri_derelicte 6 points 12 hours ago For many federal grants, the states are given the money for a set purpose (Title I, IDEA, etc.), they allocate it to the districts, and the school districts ask the state for reimbursement. In most cases, after a plan on how to spend the money is set up and approved, they spend the money on payroll, supplies, etc. and ask for reimbursement later. What I believe the feds are doing is telling the states that they cannot unilaterally reimburse school districts for any of their federal programs, and that the feds also have to sign off on reimbursement. So these districts are seeing anywhere from a delay in receiving federal funding to not getting any federal money at all. permalink Juantinntwo 3 points 12 hours ago Means some low level office staff and administrative assistants are gonna be filling out extra paperwork. District foots the bill, federal gov then pays them back if they file it correctly and it’s a valid purchase. permalink Juantinntwo 1 points 12 hours ago Means some low level office staff and administrative assistants are gonna be filling out extra paperwork. District foots the bill, federal gov then pays them back if they file it correctly and it’s a valid purchase. permalink Twitter PRO 13 points 14 hours ago no wonder they have a hate boner for Vince McMahon and everything WWE now, all their favourite wrestlers are maga and maybe 2-3 are mega leftist (cm punk/zayne) also it was wonderful to see the salt of roman reigns liking trump permalink Grindelwald 9 points 14 hours ago Must request...meaning they just got the money automatically with no questions asked. permalink Geralt_of_Rivia1 7 points 14 hours ago This is where DC bureaucrats live to escape DC crime. permalink AOCs_tits_again 9 points 14 hours ago It blows my mind that Loudon county has so many tranny loving Karens in it. Most of it is gorgeous old Virginia horse and hound country. Must just be the DC creep. permalink Snek_Plissken 6 points 14 hours ago They are all in all these NGOs and getting paid to spread their crazy. permalink NotYourMan 4 points 12 hours ago Karens that scream about transgender rights have no skin in the game and no consequences. They live in rich expensive neighborhoods protected from all the consequences of the ideology they push. Its like a Karen that is for the flood of illegal aliens but says no to housing them. They are two faced spoiled brats. permalink Daemoness 2 points 3 hours ago Both the ugly old(er) women and the ugly old(er) men who are pro trans "rights", and are foisting this onto students are motivated by sadism and resentment. The men are angry that despite being assured they age "like fine wine", young women and girls are uninterested in them ; forcing any male that dabs on a little lip gloss into their private spaces is to "put them in their place". Women are angry that they're invisible while their female students are only too visible ; their motives are identical to the men. And the people forcing trans "boys" onto actual boys-??? It's just to convey to the unconnected that they're unworthy of basic human decency and privacy. Loudon is so evil, even the kiwi farmers could NOT identify the rapist, till he turned 18. The people who live there were too scared of 'glowies' to talk. Loudon is what the USA was meant to become if Harris won : A place where anyone's children can be used and abused without recourse. It's chilling. permalink Abovethefray 1 points 7 hours ago Good point. Also; spoiled brats yelling about Big Oil... go without it for a winter and re-examine your opinions... permalink TrumpIsMyyPresident 7 points 14 hours ago As a local resident, I can confirm this place is the epicenter of mental instability, corruption, and TDS. This is GREAT to see! permalink dr_gonzo 5 points 14 hours ago I have a love/hate relationship with this tactic. On the one hand, just the fact that the federal government is funding school districts if fucking ridiculous. That should be handled exclusively by states and localities like it was for 200 years. On the flip side, it tickles me that we're using their own tactics against them. 🥳 permalink trumpORbust 4 points 14 hours ago We needed more action from DOE as school year is about to start for everyone and all that had been delivered are rumors and threats --- career school folks in my local are worked up and ready to resist, sabotage, undermine and turn the brainwashing up to 12 permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 14 hours ago The Dept of Education needs to test teachers. If they fail a test on American patriotism and they're commies then fire each and every one of them. You can't trust a commie, especially with a child's innocent mind. permalink BitterRoots 3 points 13 hours ago How about we just shut down DoE & eliminate all fed funding for education instead permalink JBlaze056 2 points 13 hours ago Start weening until the fed is involved no longer. permalink MythArcana 2 points 14 hours ago Now do all of California. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 3 points 13 hours ago my school district is trying to change kids sex in secret (California) permalink MythArcana 1 points 13 hours ago I'm in Gutterland myself, though I'm not sure if the pedos caught up with this district just yet since we're still red (this week). What I can tell you is that not one single child from K-8 speaks a lick of English here. permalink CrankyCrab 2 points 11 hours ago Do your local schools try to say they are a dual language academy? Where I live, the schools use this mislabeling bullshit to hide the fact that most of these kids don't speak English. Ironically, being taught in their native language has not helped because the test scores are shit. Back in the day, we called it ESL and those classes were supposed to teach the future parolees and welfare recipients to speak, write and read in English. When I was in school, you did not want to be in ESL and that was a motivation to learn the English language asap. permalink SaltyLandscaper 2 points 11 hours ago Thought we were doing away with federal funding of dept. of ed... permalink ShlomoJoe 2 points 13 hours ago What happened to shutting down the Department of Education? Was I lied to? permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 2 points 13 hours ago It can still be just 1 person haha permalink KernalMustard 1 points 9 hours ago Yes. permalink MajorClark 2 points 13 hours ago I'd bet there are plenty of those in the US Dept. of Education who have turned the school into their own weird cult. permalink 67Vert 1 points 14 hours ago LOL. They all fought against closing the Dept of Education. permalink BetterNameUnfound 1 points 9 hours ago Astounding how good Linda is, given how much of a scumbag her estranged husband Vince is. No, I don't mean his WWE character. I mean the actual human being. permalink splink 1 points 12 hours ago Hit them all in the wallet. It's the only thing that will get their attention. permalink RiolindasReturn 1 points 2 hours ago Where are the criminal referrals, 7+-figure fines, arrests? Good to see baby steps in the right direction but damn we are moving slowly. permalink Abovethefray 1 points 7 hours ago Good. Hammer down time. Feckless democrats need to be made superfluous to governing. permalink friedchicken 1 points 13 hours ago This'll make them want to cut federal school funder. Fair enough. permalink BobSacano 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink excitedLizard2 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1424 Secretary Linda McMahon : The Trump Admin will no longer stand by as states & school districts flout federal law. Starting today, 5 Northern Virginia school divisions must request reimbursement for all federal ed dollars & will be classified as high risk for future federal fundin posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 46 comments Secretary Linda McMahon @EDSecMcMahon • 18h The Trump Admin will no longer stand by as states & school districts flout federal law. Starting today, 5 Northern Virginia school divisions must request reimbursement for all federal ed dollars & will be classified as high risk for future federal funding. www.ed.gov U.S. Department of Education Places Five Northern Virginia School Districts on High-Risk Status and...