93 Las Vegas tourism needs to be boycotted. American is at an MGM property and shows the prices on the menu - The cheapest steak is $87 - Ribeye is $138 - His glass of Cabernet wine was $37 posted 2 hours ago by RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 27 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 14h Las Vegas tourism needs to be boycotted American is at an MGM property and shows the prices on the menu - The cheapest steak is $87 - Ribeye is $138 - His glass of Cabernet wine was $37 Every price on this menu is outrageous. “The price gouging of MGM is just insane. Insane. 27 comments Frenchie619 8 points 2 hours ago A video posted last week showed a $50 charge if you opened (yes, just opened) the mini-fridge. Can't imagine why Las Vegas is complaining that the tourism numbers are down. permalink stealthboy 7 points 2 hours ago You could just choose to not eat there. permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 54 minutes ago Yeah and maybe not do that shit with your napkin you disgusting barbarian permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy OP 2 points 2 hours ago Even better, don’t go to Vegas. permalink stealthboy 5 points 1 hour ago I don't like it when people complain about "price gouging" when they are actively choosing to partake. Just... don't. There are other options. permalink BruddahIz 6 points 1 hour ago yes - When you are at the Bellagio or MGM what do you expect? permalink I_love_liberty_2 4 points 45 minutes ago Also this is a gourmet restaurant permalink OMC-RADIO 2 points 18 minutes ago What, are you broke and trapped in Las Vegas? Go to a Walgreens and see if they can loan you a Sharpie and a piece of cardboard and head to the bus station. permalink Bullet_Tooth_Tony 6 points 1 hour ago Stupid prices yeah, but still can't ignore the irony of people bitching about money as they vacation in the gambling capital of the world. permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 51 minutes ago I always complain when at a nice place in Dubai. "Look at the price to park my Bugatti" permalink Double_D 5 points 51 minutes ago Is it really a boycott if you can’t afford it in the first place? permalink FuckU/Spez 5 points 2 hours ago There is also the Vegas Culinary union. Union reached a 5 year deal in 2023 for 32% pay increase+benefits. Average pay from $26-28 to $35-37... Not saying Casinos can't afford it, I mean it's one of the few businesses you pay to get nothing (gambling). permalink ramennov 4 points 2 hours ago Personally I avoid the Strip entirely. Plenty of fun (and cheap steak) to be had on Fremont St. permalink RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy OP 1 points 2 hours ago Locals always know the good, cheap places. The reality today is that even the local establishments are raising prices by exorbitant amounts. The American consumer is a mark to drain dry. permalink Trooph-Hurts 4 points 2 hours ago The people who can afford that are foreigners with slaves or Muslims with oil or Ukrainians with our tax dollars! permalink AerialRush 4 points 1 hour ago Or Indians with our six figure careers that were stolen from Americans. permalink MAGALADON9 4 points 54 minutes ago Saar saar i will haf you to know that I am graduate from university of Poostreeti first class saar, you are racist British crown! You bloody bastards! permalink CommieCucker 2 points 51 minutes ago bobs and vagene? permalink MAGALADON9 1 points 48 minutes ago [Head bobbles from side to side] All times, love bobs and vagene. permalink Dicyanin2C 3 points 1 hour ago It wouldn't be surprising if I found out that the restaurant he's in actually serves real beef and that's why. 🤣 God only knows what you get at Walmart. Goyslop comes to mind. I joke of course. Kinda. I personally buy a cow a year locally. You should try it! Or by a half a cow, or a quarter. It's well worth it. Invest in an upright freezer and you'll be glad ya did. ✌️ permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 53 minutes ago Had to call my sister over the radioactive (muslim owned via BMS foods in Indonesia) shrimp sold to walmart. permalink CommieCucker 2 points 49 minutes ago I used to work in a meat packing plant; it's meat, halves come in one end of the building and go out the other end in many small packages permalink PatPede1 3 points 32 minutes ago Dude, three select ribeyes or filets from the meat case at Costco are $90-$110 now. Of course a cooked, plated, served, top cut steak in a high-end, linens & napkins tourist spot overlooking dancing water fountains in the middle of a desert is going to cost a fortune. permalink RightIsMight 3 points 46 minutes ago Look at all the poors seething about not being able to afford a decent meal once in a while. Take your broke ass back to golden corral. permalink Tomis_4 2 points 56 minutes ago Just looked it up and confirmed that Vegas made more money from hospitality and foods (60%) than gambling and entertainment (40%). permalink tralbolh 2 points 1 hour ago In the 80s miners would eat breakfast at Las Vegas casinos because they had cheap "as much as you can fit on one plate" breakfasts to draw in gamblers, and miners can fit quite a bit on one plate. Similar to casinos having free drinks. There is probably a reason they stopped with the non-alcoholic things. But I pin this on durable goods being unaffordable so people would go for "experiences" instead, which has driven them to be unaffordable. It might rebound. permalink OMC-RADIO 2 points 28 minutes ago Vegas is expensive so op is calling for a boycott? Gilley's mesquite grilled ribeye is $41 and there's free parking at Treasure Island. Dining on the Strip is both extremely affordable, ungodly expensive and all prices in between. Its all about what you want and how much you're WILLING to spend. If you want cheap, there are plenty of options and many more places off the Strip. The world isn't unfair because you're broke or make poor money decisions. Personally, I don't like wasting money on the Strip and find the weed smell tiring. There are many more things to see and do if you're in the Las Vegas area: Valley of Fire, the Grand Canyon, shoot a 50 cal from a tank, there's an aquarium, you can drive a supercar, explore mountains, you can even go skiing at certain times of the year. Places like MGM, Bellagio, Wynn, Fontainebleau charge more because they want a different clientele. Not every casino wants the same customers you see at the Fremont Experience... which also is a lot of fun before it gets dark. Or just have a really good burger at Trump Tower, its under $30 unless you want bacon on it. permalink GhostOfMyFormerSelf 1 points 4 minutes ago Eats in a 4 star restaurant and complains about the prices... I get it, LV is pricing themselves out of existence, but c'mon. Don't cut yourself and then complain that it hurts. permalink 93 Las Vegas tourism needs to be boycotted. American is at an MGM property and shows the prices on the menu - The cheapest steak is $87 - Ribeye is $138 - His glass of Cabernet wine was $37 posted 2 hours ago by RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 27 comments Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 14h Las Vegas tourism needs to be boycotted American is at an MGM property and shows the prices on the menu - The cheapest steak is $87 - Ribeye is $138 - His glass of Cabernet wine was $37 Every price on this menu is outrageous. “The price gouging of MGM is just insane. Insane.