264 Well that didn't go as planned posted 3 hours ago by Taraa 9 comments Defiant L’s @DefiantLs • 12h Well that didn't go as planned 9 comments Oodles 11 points 59 minutes ago There is a reason DEI hires are DEI hires If DEI hires could do the job, DEI would not exist DEI’s purpose is to take jobs away from competent straight White sane able-bodied males and give them to the incompetent dregs permalink crashdaddy 10 points 3 hours ago Being's the "plan" is to sow chaos, confusion and discord, it would seem they're pretty well sticking to the media playbook. permalink billybaldwin2 5 points 2 hours ago I'm fine with blind auditions. It's music. Right? Have the judges sit with their backs to the auditioner. Auditioner walks out. Plays. Done. Then they vote. Was the playing good enough? Then turn them around and start the interview. My friend was in a bunch of armature orchestras. Really going no where with it. Every time she'd climb to an actual paying orchestra, she wasn't good enough. Oh, but then she got implants for her husband. Suddenly, she was good enough to be in the paid orchestras. She didn't even show off at the auditions. She said it was because she "paid her dues" for a decade. I see it differently. permalink The_Return_of_User_x 2 points 41 minutes ago Orchestras are different from listening to a CD. Orchestras are meant to be seen. If you got a really nice way of playing the triangle and it sounds good that's awesome. But if you're 400lbs and wheeled in on a stretcher, it's a problem. You can't be wearing a turban in the band. You may be able to play the skin flute thru a burqua but you're gonna take the focus off the orchestra as people start guessing to what you look like. Reasonable accomodations due to reasonable disabilities should be alotted, but there should be a limit to how far it changes the look of the orchestra. permalink Nikola_S1 2 points 20 minutes ago Newer saw an orchestra with someone playing the skin flute, but I guess rule 34 applies here. permalink FireTheCannons1776 1 points 4 minutes ago I've only been to a few, but I couldn't see any thing past the first chairs. The only person you really see is the conductor, and it's their back. I'm fine for the best auditory experience. I don't care what they look like, they aren't going to be dating me after the show. permalink footinmouth 1 points 10 minutes ago There are several studies that do this with resumes and it results in hiring of just White and Asian men. permalink Trajano 1 points 3 minutes ago Blind auditions, by definition, are less discriminatory than any other selection method; only proficiency is evaluated, no bias, no nepotism, no influence. permalink vegaspatriot1776 0 points 3 hours ago Nice to see that The Guardian is participating in the anti-semitism! permalink 264 Well that didn't go as planned posted 3 hours ago by Taraa 9 comments Defiant L’s @DefiantLs • 12h Well that didn't go as planned