1505 Bill Gates is upset because RFK Jr. stopped funding the mRNA experimental drugs. Gates was using these drugs to sterilize young people and increase cancer rates to reduce global population. "All the progress we've made is at risk." posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 126 comments Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 15h Bill Gates is upset because RFK Jr. stopped funding the mRNA experimental drugs. Gates was using these drugs to sterilize young people and increase cancer rates to reduce global population. "All the progress we've made is at risk." 126 comments Themis595 93 points 14 hours ago Why hasn’t he been arrested? And he really thinks his life’s work of depopulation can’t continue without government funds? Doesn’t he have a few billion in pocket money? permalink Illuminaughty 75 points 14 hours ago Rich people don’t stay rich by spending their own money permalink tpactionchasethevote 27 points 13 hours ago Anyone who believes this man "cares" about other people, needs to look at the history of Microsoft. permalink Oback_Barama 20 points 13 hours ago Or the fact that he raped enough children on that island that his wife (who shares his enthusiasm for depopulation) divorced him. permalink chickeninoven 11 points 11 hours ago For that lizard queen to call it quits it must have been REALLY bad. permalink snoopy3210 4 points 11 hours ago BTW.. Bill Gates posted only ONE SHADY PHOTO OF ALLEDGEDLY TAKING HIS CORONA SHOT in 2021... doctors' face cropped no visible syringe before a window so the daylight darkens a bit the picture no video ! why ? one tweet and one shot only with a pic.. Bill Gates wasn't UP-TO-DATE on his covid vaccinations? Serious violator of the WHO recommendations!!! And he travelled without being proven to be up-to-date? Wow! Here the ONLY picture of him pretending to take one (and only one!) dose three days after Biden got installed in Jan 2021 : https://imgflip.com/i/a3kyne Said he wouldn't take it under Trump (available to him in December). No further tweet about taking dose number 2.... out of a 2 doses vaccine!!! It was SOLD as a two doses vax! You got two weeks between the two according to the Pfizer directives. He forgot to fabricate another picture for his second shot hahahahahaha! LooooooooL permalink tpactionchasethevote 2 points 10 hours ago You are also supposed to relax your arm during an injection. He's got his arm bent upwards. permalink 7PC_Principle 18 points 13 hours ago He never mentions rfk jr. This whole twitter post is fake and bullshit. Of course we know gates is a vax fanatic . Gates is bitching about funding cuts that's happening across the world, not just in US. permalink BidenShowerDrool 11 points 13 hours ago Correct...look at Soros, he seeded all the NGOs then USAID was forever paying the bills. Soros by comparison spent pennies for America to then go on to slit its own neck. All those Africans, Muslims and Indians making their way and then looked after and protected like Princes in the U.K, is all done with U.K taxpayer funds, but it was all originally funded and setup by Soros through his NGOs. .....pennies in the dollar is all it ever cost him to get his psychopathic will done. permalink BlackPilledMAGA 9 points 14 hours ago He needs another pie to the face permalink Wokism 12 points 13 hours ago A 9mm pie. Twice. permalink cyberrigger 3 points 7 hours ago .50 cal pie permalink Sgt_Hulka 8 points 13 hours ago He needs someone to use his head as a piñata. Olé! permalink Oback_Barama 6 points 13 hours ago He needs a shovel to the back of the head. permalink DT170x 5 points 13 hours ago What about that pie from SpongeBob SquarePants. I think that might be very effective, just throw it from a distance. permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 12 minutes ago He needs to be chained to a mountain and every day an eagle flies up to him and pies him in the face x eternity #Twerpules permalink NotYourMan 9 points 13 hours ago Bill is upset that the easy government money isn't flowing anymore. He purchased many democrat politicians and they gave him nice, easy, well paying contracts in return. DOGE found some of the money but not all. Its always about the money and Trump ended big money going to Big Pharma. permalink USDMaga 3 points 12 hours ago He is threatened with death penalty in 3 different countries. Get him to Japan or India and your problems with him are over. permalink BidensfullAFdiaper 1 points 7 hours ago OPM permalink Jbliss 34 points 14 hours ago Who the fuck is there listening to this guy?! permalink IncredibleMrE1 27 points 14 hours ago Depopulationists and other assorted faggots permalink Doomsday545 22 points 13 hours ago I always wondered why depopulationists never start with themselves. Be the change you want to see in the world. permalink Nerdrem3 12 points 13 hours ago All their ideas only apply to everyone else of course, and I mean at the end of the day would you really want to deprive the world of such towering intellects, these paragons of virtue? permalink D__1 8 points 14 hours ago "HoW arE we SuPposEd tO gEt the PopulAtion DoWn tO 500,000 peOpLe noW?1?1?" -- WEF lackeys probably. permalink Mamapedia 22 points 14 hours ago My niece is a pediatrician. She loathes RFKjr because he is "threatening" vaccines. She is forever venting her spleen on facebook about the issue There is zero concern about vaccine injured kids, because she is brainwashed to believe Big Pharma is conflict-free science and that pharma companies are honest, altruistic actors. Unbelievable. I pity her patients. permalink Bouldabassed 14 points 13 hours ago Not to rag on your niece, but it's a tragedy people have been trained by society to assume doctors are very intelligent when really all that is required is a good memory and motivation. Just gotta be able to regurgitate everything you've learned when you're taking those tests. And when so much of what you've learned is based on a false foundation, the end result are those retarded Facebook rants. permalink MAGALADON9 4 points 12 hours ago We are going to allow "foreign doctors" to practice here, so soon medical professionals will be H1b'd in favor of a Turkmenistani "doctor" or a Congo brain surgeon. permalink Sgt_Hulka 13 points 13 hours ago Pediatricians are a joke. That job was made for female med school grads so they would have something to do after graduation. It’s the HR position of the medical field. I hate all pediatricians. They are vax pushers, nothing more. Your niece makes a nice bonus if she meets her vax targets. I loathe your niece more than she loathes RFK permalink joggin_noggin 2 points 2 hours ago I had a good pediatrician growing up. An actual doctor who practiced actual medicine. Helped me overcome persistent ENT infections by giving my parents a $20 medical device to strengthen/expand those passageways instead of the nth round of antibiotics, and it worked. I pity the tens of millions of American kids who will never see an actual doctor in their lives. permalink guidothekp 10 points 13 hours ago Vaccines are major source of revenue for pediatricians. permalink Filo76 6 points 13 hours ago 👆👆👆 This is the correct answer. Doctors and Pedes get bonus cash for administering the entire schedule of vaccines. If a patient skips one or asks not to have them injected so early, the doctor loses $$$. permalink Illuminaughty 7 points 14 hours ago The American Academy of Pediatricians: Making Mother Feel Guilty for Over 100 Years permalink Jbliss 4 points 11 hours ago Its crazy to me more isnt made of the financial incentives provided to pediatric clinics by pharma. permalink 1777 17 points 14 hours ago They are called The Committee of 300: Bill Gates, Klaus Schwab, Abdullah II, Roman Abramovich, Josef Ackermann, Edward Adeane, Marcus Agius, Martti Ahtisaari, Daniel Akerson, Albert II (King of Belgium), Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia, Giuliano Amato, Carl A. Anderson, Giulio Andreotti, Andrew, Duke of York, Anne, Princess Royal, Nick Anstee, Timothy Garton Ash, William Waldorf Astor, Pyotr Aven, Jan Peter Balkenende, Steve Ballmer, Ed Balls, José Manuel Barroso, Beatrix (Queen of the Netherlands), Silvio Berlusconi, Ben Bernanke, Nils Bernstein, Donald Berwick, Carl Bildt, Sir Winfried Bischoff, Tony Blair, Lloyd Blankfein, Leonard Blavatnik, Michael Bloomberg, Frits Bolkestein, Hassanal Bolkiah, Michael C. Bonello, Emma Bonino, David L. Boren, Borwin, Duke of Mecklenburg, Charles Bronfman, Edgar Bronfman Jr., John Bruton, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Robin Budenberg, Warren Buffett, George H. W. Bush, David Cameron, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Peter , Carl XVI Gustaf (King of Sweden), Carlos, Duke of Parma, Mark Carney, Cynthia Carroll, Jaime Caruana, Sir William Castell, Anson Chan, Margaret Chan, Norman Chan, Prince Charles of Wales, Richard Chartres, Stefano Delle Chiaie, Dr John Chipman, Patokh Chodiev, Prince Christoph of Schleswig‑Holstein, Fabrizio Cicchitto Wesley Clark, Kenneth Clarke, Nick Clegg, Bill Clinton, Abby Joseph Cohen, Ronald Cohen, Gary Cohn, Marcantonio Colonna di Paliano (Duke of Paliano), Constantijn, Prince of the Netherlands, Constantine II (King of Greece), David Cooksey, Brian Cowen, Sir John Craven, Andrew Crockett, Uri Dadush, Tony D’Aloisio, Alistair Darling, Sir Howard Davies, Étienne Davignon, David Davis, Benjamin de Rothschild, David René de Rothschild, Evelyn de Rothschild, Leopold de Rothschild, Joseph Deiss, Oleg Deripaska Michael Dobson, Mario Draghi Jan Du Plessis William C. Dudley Wim Duisenberg Alan Greenspan Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster José Ángel Gurría William Hague Sir Philip Hampton Hans‑Adam II (Prince of Liechtenstein) Harald V (King of Norway) Stephen Harper François Heisbourg Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg Philipp Hildebrand Carla Anderson Hills Richard Holbrooke Patrick Honohan Alan Howard Alijan Ibragimov Stefan Ingves Walter Isaacson Juan Carlos (King of Spain) Kenneth M. Jacobs DeAnne Julius Jean‑Claude Juncker Peter Kenen John Kerry Mervyn King Glenys Kinnock Henry Kissinger Malcolm Knight William H. Koon II Paul Krugman John Kufuor Giovanni Lajolo Anthony Lake Richard Lambert Pascal Lamy Jean‑Pierre Landau Timothy Laurence James Leigh‑Pemberton Leka, Crown Prince of Albania Mark Leonard Peter Levene Lev Leviev Arthur Levitt Michael Levy Joe Lieberman Ian Livingston Lee Hsien Loong Lorenz of Belgium, Archduke of Austria‑Este Louis Alphonse, Duke of Anjou Gerard Louis‑Dreyfus Mabel, Princess of Orange‑Nassau Peter Mandelson Sir David Manning Margherita, Archduchess of Austria‑Este Margrethe II (Queen of Denmark) Guillermo Ortiz Martínez Alexander Mashkevitch Stefano Massimo (Prince of Roccasecca dei Volsci), Marek Belka, permalink Test_user21 10 points 14 hours ago Wall o' Text CRITS You for 139,025. YOU DIE! permalink Mamapedia 6 points 13 hours ago Neo-feudalism is here. But there are way more of us than there are of them, and we can read an communicate this time around. Be ready. permalink _Hard_R 1 points 9 hours ago https://www.bitchute.com/video/YKKZYl0dELEc permalink glow-operator-2-0 5 points 14 hours ago A number. Nothing thermbaric explosives won't resolve. permalink Constitution_1788 1 points 12 hours ago Good point. permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 6 points 14 hours ago he's part of the globalists permalink artifex_mundi_x 4 points 14 hours ago A lot of rich people with the same alignment of population control. Or just wanting to belong to the elite club permalink IncredibleMrE1 28 points 14 hours ago RFK needs to do something about the demons that are trying to use ticks to make everyone allergic to meat. permalink Brock_Shithouse 20 points 14 hours ago I sincerely wish Bill Gates was in possession of information that would lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton. permalink MayorMcSixaplix 4 points 6 hours ago She was probably pounding on the wall at Epstein Island telling him to keep it down. No worries there. permalink GenadderallPatton 16 points 14 hours ago I will never forget his talk on doing “well” with vaccinations in order to reduce population. This faggot should be in jail at minimal. permalink HurtzLocker 14 points 14 hours ago Interestingly enough, at a certain point, aging leftists (male and female) seemingly resemble one another in physical appearance. permalink AOCs_tits_again 10 points 14 hours ago I love that the animators in "Despicable Me" used Gates as their model for the lame-ass dork villain. They'll deny it but it's obvious. permalink HelluvaEngineer 3 points 13 hours ago I think the guy in Bob's Burgers looks even more like him. permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 10 minutes ago The daughter? permalink cyberrigger 1 points 7 hours ago Gates is his own meme. He runs like a girl. permalink Build_Back_Bankrupt 10 points 14 hours ago Man who supports the reduction of global population laments a reduction of global population due to defunding of aid to people he prefers. He never did like competition... permalink goatnuts 9 points 14 hours ago How the fuck this guy has anyone fooled as to his agenda I will never understand. He dresses himself up in humanitarian robes, but then goes out and talks about how the population must be shrunk to save the planet, then goes on to save lives and whoops, that one sterilized people, oh shit lol my bad didn't meant to do that, every time. permalink KennyKetchem 7 points 13 hours ago Give this faggot an IV stream of mRNA until he croaks permalink FL_Trumpnado 7 points 12 hours ago Bill Gates is the MOST EVIL DEPOPULATION BITCH IN THE WORLD TRYING TO KILL EVERYONE WITH HIS SHOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! permalink Tookens 7 points 14 hours ago Feel free to use some of your billions and billions and billions of ill-gotten gains to fund this research yourself, creep. permalink MajorClark 7 points 14 hours ago All he needs is a pair of horns sticking out of his head. The sob deserves to be hung for the entire world to watch! He makes Hitler look like Little League. Ask the pedo what is happening to all these missing children. permalink IvIA6A 6 points 13 hours ago How many times did you go to the island sir? permalink MythArcana 5 points 14 hours ago It's a shame there wasn't anthrax in that pie. permalink Monster_Truckulent 2 points 11 hours ago Bill has his hands full with the cover-up right now: https://patriots.win/p/19BsxiNMoQ/breaking-bill-gates-is-attemptin/c permalink cyberrigger 2 points 6 hours ago anthrax anvil? permalink Fundadores 5 points 14 hours ago For so many years I thought the battle between good and evil was more nuanced and mostly had grey area considerations. Now, nope. It’s clear who is good and evil in this situation. permalink CT2099 5 points 13 hours ago doesn't gates literally have enough money to fund the entire thing himself? permalink Koikatrose 5 points 13 hours ago Gates is a mass murderer. permalink FL_Trumpnado 4 points 14 hours ago I would not be horrified if some rando killed Bill Gates permalink mclsusan 4 points 12 hours ago Bill Gates is full of shit. He is not a scientist, or a doctor, or a government employee. He's not a school teacher, or any other official. He's a wannabe! Can someone tell him we have enough leaders and he can go home and handle his own issues? permalink cyberrigger 1 points 7 hours ago His mother got him his first job. permalink GaryWA 4 points 12 hours ago Boggles the mind how he is still breathing, at this point. permalink Monster_Truckulent 1 points 11 hours ago Bill has his hands full with the cover-up right now: https://patriots.win/p/19BsxiNMoQ/breaking-bill-gates-is-attemptin/c permalink Kelemor88 4 points 14 hours ago then fund it yourself permalink MEME-SUPREME 4 points 14 hours ago Die faggot. permalink Monster_Truckulent 1 points 11 hours ago Bill has his hands full with the cover-up right now: https://patriots.win/p/19BsxiNMoQ/breaking-bill-gates-is-attemptin/c permalink rebuildingMyself 4 points 13 hours ago Feel free to pay for it yourself, then. Tired of these rich elites virtue signaling with my money permalink johnparker 3 points 10 hours ago You know, if someone has cancer from the clot shot, and they are going to die anyway... can they do the rest of us a solid on their way out? Gates, Fauci, etc etc permalink MakinBacon 3 points 9 hours ago if anyone has a personal clone it's that fk permalink EvilGreed209 3 points 13 hours ago If we elected a militia man he'd already be a lamppost decoration. permalink N14205ST205 3 points 13 hours ago The progress made murdering and conning people? permalink SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 14 hours ago Where is the science behind Gate's progress sourced? Does anyone have access or links?...or does he just say the word "progress" as another lie of health & prosperity? Specifics are needed, like proof of health and how the people are prospering. Bill Gates needs to be stopped and charged for his grifts. permalink learntocode 3 points 12 hours ago Arrested? Vax him the fuck up! permalink Melchizedek18 3 points 13 hours ago Now ban their use as veggie spray-ons and injections for livestock, and in feed. Because they are still doing that. permalink Hikedelics 3 points 13 hours ago “Everything is at risk because I no longer have a blank check of federal funding to play with in addition to my own obscene amount of wealth 😭” permalink Bedminster 3 points 13 hours ago Gates needs to be run through a band saw ass first up to his head. permalink Covidrrhea 3 points 12 hours ago he should use his own wealth if he wants to keep being Lex Luthor in a world with no man of steel permalink AbrahamLincoln 3 points 12 hours ago Inject Bill with all of them. permalink MAGALADON9 2 points 12 hours ago Why does he breathe? permalink UltraMagaWA 2 points 12 hours ago Arrest him wtf permalink Megadeth 2 points 11 hours ago His operating system was a virus ridden pile of dogshit. It has to explain his fascination with vaccinations. Irony can be pretty ironic. permalink JoinTheDiscussion 2 points 13 hours ago If you don't believe the intended outcomes.. A cousin of mine's wife AND her mother were just recently both diagnosed with breast cancer for the first time . I'll give you one guess what the commonality is besides relationship.... permalink cjsr4c90 2 points 12 hours ago Not to sound like Crooked Hillary but can we just drone strike this guy? permalink Monzie 2 points 10 hours ago His argument is total emotional manipulation, and a lie. "Think of a mother bringing a wheezing kid who can't get a vaccine and the kid dies." Vaccines aren't medicine they can't cure. permalink Formerlurker92 2 points 8 hours ago If you can convince one boomer to switch to Linux, you will have contributed to the downfall of globalism. permalink WillNotBeRuled 2 points 13 hours ago Gates You LIAR! You evil DEMON! permalink LeeHarveySirhan 2 points 13 hours ago All my beautiful wickedness……Throw a bucket of water on Gates. permalink MocksFordComma 2 points 9 hours ago Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) Uh uh uh uh (looks at notes) This is evidence that he's really a pretty stupid man. permalink DictatorHasNoClothes 2 points 11 hours ago No need for notes when he's scolding us but has to read the script with the baby's mother example. What a phony. permalink iamstadter 2 points 9 hours ago Just cut a check for the $30 billion shortfall, you faggot pedo. permalink USNVET71 2 points 10 hours ago Pony up some of your money, motherfucker permalink Gonzotron5000 2 points 10 hours ago Ok but the smart ones are not taking these mRNA therapies and they tend to be on our side of the aisle. permalink Burisma 1 points 1 hour ago This is a bullshit article. Gates should be imprisoned yes but dont read this drivel. permalink YouAreIgnorant 1 points 11 hours ago I wish we could all pool our money to have a <REDACTED> <REDACTED> that Fuck. permalink DukeBuford 1 points 8 hours ago “Health and Prosperity through Immunization”? Shove it Gates. How about something that actually works like clean water and no shit in the streets and rivers? Plumbing has saved more lives than vaccines ever will. But saving lives isn’t the goal for this asshole. permalink Jimmy33 1 points 7 hours ago I hope he realizes on his deathbed that he has been a destructive force in the world. I can’t stand the man. permalink indigo_truther 1 points 9 hours ago Use some of your money, lizard-breath. permalink learntocode 1 points 12 hours ago When is Thomas Crooks, Ryan Routh, the NFL/Blackstone Shooter, and all the trannies gunning people down, Luigi Mangione - when will their energy make it to this little faggot and end his ability to poison billions of people? permalink Mungo 1 points 12 hours ago “Health and Prosperity through Depopulation “ permalink MakinBacon 1 points 9 hours ago I could use "malwarebytes for dna" permalink DiamondDroid 1 points 5 hours ago If that demon toady Gates want to murder 90% of humanity, he will have to pay for it out of pocket. permalink MJPalazzolo 1 points 11 hours ago Then you shit the cash, Gates. They're your fucking pet projects. permalink NotDangerousGame 1 points 9 hours ago RFK just announced that they're rolling out an "all encompassing" vaccine that combats covid and flu. There is also no evidence that those programs are actually being defunded other than a pinky promise. I for one am tired of being played and lied to about it. permalink Cyberminion 1 points 4 hours ago this faggot could literally cover the "shortfall in funding" in its entirety, and still have more money than we could ever dream of. and he lectures all the rest of us.....put up or shut up bitch tits. aka get boosted aka eat a bag of dicks permalink Th3Cho0sing0ne 1 points 12 hours ago He knows he's betraying his parents legacy. That legacy being Eugenics, oc. permalink knnbccb 1 points 8 hours ago Reminder: Bill Gates set up his foundation in Singapore recently. Singapore has a population with 95% vaxtards. Singapore is now releasing Bill Gates' Wolbachia mosquitoes into the wild. Check your extradition arrangement with Singapore, and reconsider the low tariffs levied on it. Singapore was caught red-handed smuggling stuff to China, Iran and North Korea... look it up. permalink jonnyuno 1 points 11 hours ago Killing far too slow for this guy. permalink onesummerdream 1 points 3 hours ago Hahahahahahaha too bad Billy boy, too bad — gonna need to use your own money now. permalink BillGateCanSuckIt 1 points 38 minutes ago Gates also owns a brain chip company that you use a needle to inject the chips with. Coincidence? permalink MySidesGoUp 1 points 3 hours ago And your doctors and pediatricians locally are on board with this plan. Civil disobedience is the first step…but Covid cucked the fuck out of us… permalink You_know_Whews 1 points 2 hours ago We should be upset the RFK hasn't exposed the virus theory hoax permalink Two_scoops_two_terms 1 points 13 hours ago Since when do mRNA vaccines cause sterilization? permalink Oodles 1 points 10 hours ago The biggest problem was he was reducing the wrong population permalink Eddie_LeBec 1 points 1 hour ago Just thirty cents. Then how much were you charging us for it? permalink ferventFerret9 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink BobSacano 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1505 Bill Gates is upset because RFK Jr. stopped funding the mRNA experimental drugs. Gates was using these drugs to sterilize young people and increase cancer rates to reduce global population. "All the progress we've made is at risk." posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 126 comments Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 15h Bill Gates is upset because RFK Jr. stopped funding the mRNA experimental drugs. Gates was using these drugs to sterilize young people and increase cancer rates to reduce global population. "All the progress we've made is at risk." ×