823 Who owns the media ? Hello ......... posted 14 hours ago by Treefiddydiddy 56 comments 56 comments bobbacringo 55 points 13 hours ago What are you guys afraid to just say it outloud? Jews own Hollywood. It's not a secret by any means. Just try reading the "Times of Israel" sometime. They openly brag about that shit. permalink okboomer59 19 points 12 hours ago https://www.academia.edu/93892834/An_Empire_of_their_Own_How_the_Jews_Invented_Hollywood permalink CCGJoe 28 points 12 hours ago I believe Hitler was fighting to save his country from the oppressors, I dont trust anything I learned in history to be true who was in charge of news and education for the past 50+ years permalink KE948_U2 6 points 8 hours ago There were no oppressors just opportunists cashing in on young German lives. It's been the way of war since then. permalink BibleProphecyFulfill 3 points 3 hours ago Two things can be true. permalink VienneseSunrise 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink fightfightfightx 24 points 13 hours ago In WW2, the communists were far worse than the most fictional, propaganda, cartoonishly evil version of the nazis. Yet the US helped the communists, which were the more evil faction. It had nothing to do with "morality" and today Europe shows us that the outcome of the war was the west losing, despite you being told you won. permalink KarameloKamala 16 points 9 hours ago Im first gen from Poland, my family has and always have said the communists/communism was far worse than the nazis/nazism. They had less food, more people disappeared, less access to doctors and education etc under communism than the nazis. If you werent a jew, they mostly left you alone. Edit: i have photos (one side) of my family in their white russian military gear, as they fought against the bolsheviks and were loyalists to the tzar. As punishment, all theei silver and salt mines were seized by the state and their properties given to bolshevik loyal jew families, whos descendants still occupy. Fuck communism. permalink MSTRKRFTDNNR 4 points 4 hours ago All animals are equal... just some are more equal than others. Seems there is a pattern emerging about who constantly comes out on top from communism. permalink Crapachino 2 points 6 hours ago There's that Russian joke that Hitler was a small dictator from Stalin's era. permalink Alpha_Lemming 18 points 13 hours ago WOLVERINES!!!!!! permalink IvanIvanoff 15 points 11 hours ago I know certain Senator that noticed it in 1950... permalink Oback_Barama 13 points 13 hours ago Don’t forget, the OFFICIAL history! Before 1932 Germans were mostly good decent people. Then they elected basically the Devil, changed the flag, and all Germans were blood thirsty demons. Until the allies beat them in 1945, they changed the flag back, and Germans were once again mostly good decent people. permalink bigmikespackage 12 points 12 hours ago Enemy at the gates didn’t exactly paint Stalin in a great light. We need. Mao movie badly. No one realizes how awful this guy was and how many people he murdered to bring about communism. permalink TekkenJam 3 points 3 hours ago The Dalai Llama movie Kun Dun is pretty good portrayal of Mao. China invades Tibet then calls religion poison. permalink ModernKnight 1 points 2 hours ago Mao killed at least 200 million of his own people, likely much more. permalink Oodles 11 points 10 hours ago Now don’t you go noticing who runs Hollywood permalink HeatherSwanson 9 points 13 hours ago The only time they did an anti Pol Pot movie, the Joos had the actor murdered permalink buckeyeminuteman 9 points 13 hours ago CCP finances a huge sector of Hollywood. They would never go for an anti-Mao movie. permalink Kimball_Kinnison 6 points 8 hours ago I’m not sure about financing, but the China market has become hugely important for them, so there’s rarely any direct criticism. permalink GodKingHarambe 5 points 13 hours ago Remember how the ChiComs were the villains in the Red Dawn remake, only to last minute swap to the NorKos cuz…… permalink spentcoffee 4 points 14 hours ago THe USSR was the bad guy in like every action movie in the 80s lol how old is this dude permalink fightfightfightx 18 points 13 hours ago notice your own self own here also none of those movies ever touched the ideology, just the public sentiment at the time with the nuclear scares permalink lifeisahologram 11 points 12 hours ago Yeah people seem to be easily fooled and it’s sad. The same thing happens with “but South Park attacks both sides!!” No. They don’t. People need to be more observant on HOW this shit is depicted in the media. All major media conveniently ignores blasting ideology. All the times they “joke about” communist / leftist ideology, the joke itself is harmless and not biting at best, or outright supportive at worst. permalink DT170x 10 points 13 hours ago That before Hollywood try to Woo the chinese market and then almost instantly no Anti Communist movies. permalink RuleoVicus 6 points 12 hours ago I note you bring up USSR, but that addresses a nation not the ideology of Communism. What movies had Lenin, Mao or Stalin viewed negatively? You have three huge movies than trashed us fighting Communists during Vietnam (Full Metal Jacket) and made us look like psycho murderous rapists (Platoon, Armageddon Now [1979 but still]). Then you got Spielberg and Indiana Jones where only ONE movie didn't have NAZIs; I swear he's only made 3, 4? movies without NAZIs. Even A.I. had themes of NAZIs, rounding up the robots, stereotypical white racists, etc. permalink BadManOrange 6 points 13 hours ago This is true, although Commie China is never really talked about. permalink AR_MAGA 3 points 13 hours ago Please name just 10 movies against Mao, Lenin or Stalin (10 for each one). permalink Kimball_Kinnison 5 points 8 hours ago That’s asking a lot, but: Doctor Zhivago was definitely anti-Bolshevik. I don’t think Ninotchka mentioned Stalin by name, but it thoroughly mocked communists. Comrade X was more directly critical of the USSR. The Death of Stalin Probably some more from this list: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Films_critical_of_communism permalink AR_MAGA 1 points 2 hours ago You don't remember even 2 movies of each . Thanks for confirm that you are wrong. permalink IBentMyWookie 3 points 8 hours ago My dad helped out Cambodian actual refugees in the 80’s that went to our church. I remember we picked up a bunch in our pickup when their car broke down. I watched “The Killing Fields” when I was maybe 17 or 18. Anytime anyone fawns over communism I bring up how fucked up Pol Pot was along with all the other well known murderous Commie tyrants, till they get super uncomfortable and shut the fuck about that “it’s never been practiced correctly” crap. permalink wolfsettler 3 points 2 hours ago I want one POSITIVE Hitler movie. permalink MAGA202o 2 points 14 hours ago Japs always got off easy too. permalink fightfightfightx 5 points 13 hours ago its never been about right or wrong if it was we would have destroyed the USSR first its about the noe-liberal world order and international control. Likely for the same group that believes all g o y are slave cattle to them. permalink BannedAccount 3 points 13 hours ago Yeah but we got enough godzilla movies permalink SnowSnake 2 points 4 hours ago But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Moa, you ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow. —the Beatles, probably permalink CommieCrats 2 points 13 hours ago Weird permalink AstroLonghorn 2 points 3 hours ago I get the point, but the death of Stalin is a great movie. Steve Buschemi is Kruschev lol permalink BannedAccount 2 points 14 hours ago Inglorious bastards is technically a Hitler movie right? Or valkyrie? permalink AlphaMan 1 points 10 hours ago I was calling that one out for years and I'm not even anti semitic permalink Pepe_longcockings 1 points 5 hours ago Qui???? permalink Crapachino 1 points 6 hours ago I have been noticing since the 80s... permalink MAGALOVER 1 points 7 hours ago J permalink the-new-style 1 points 22 minutes ago Most of what we "know" about Stalin was written by Trotsky in his 1937 book "The Revolution Betrayed" after Trotsky was expelled from the Politburo in 1926 (by Stalin) and from the party in 1927 (by Stalin), exiled to Alma Ata in 1928 (by Stalin) and deported in 1929 (by Stalin). Pulled Russia out of poverty while annihilating 20m workers? It beggars belief and breaks down under scrutiny. Short version - https://youtu.be/PVWun9jfSac?si=9F5DUHVBai58QrZi Long version https://youtu.be/niEp25WIHgM?si=A80sPrlzURuBIQ8e permalink Covfefebrulee 1 points 6 hours ago Bolsheviks permalink PiratePatriot 1 points 8 hours ago movies about Lenin. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Films_about_Vladimir_Lenin https://www.imdb.com/search/title/?role=nm0501924 Movies about Mao https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Films_about_the_Cultural_Revolution https://m.imdb.com/search/title/?keywords=mao-zedong&explore=keywords Movies about Stalin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Films_about_Joseph_Stalin https://www.themoviedb.org/keyword/6539-joseph-stalin/movie?language=en-US I'm not familiar with most of these, there's a few classics in there. I can't help but wonder if some in the lists attempt to propaganda. permalink Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 3 hours ago HBO Stalin movie with Robert Duval didn’t paint a pretty picture permalink TallestSkill -1 points 3 hours ago I'm just noticing that OP failed to address any critiques of his fringe position in this thread. Is it safe to assume you prefer popularity to the truth? permalink YouAreIgnorant -3 points 11 hours ago China. Its not like its hard to find out. Look at all the Trailer Park Trash in this thread. These people are as dumb as Woke Left. And they act the EXACT same way. The only difference is who they hate/blame. permalink aaafirefly123 -3 points 13 hours ago I found plenty, you just have to look harder. permalink dfagan1021 -5 points 9 hours ago Y'all are actually retarded permalink VienneseSunrise 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 823 Who owns the media ? Hello ......... posted 14 hours ago by Treefiddydiddy 56 comments ×