1479 Marco Rubio revokes 6,000 foreign visas. (www.cbsnews.com) posted 16 hours ago by JTIM 81 comments State Department revokes over 6,000 student visas, citing law breaking and overstays More than a million foreign students study in the U.S. each year. www.cbsnews.com 81 comments BasedJaffa 87 points 16 hours ago This needs to be more like 600,000 permalink airborne3502 45 points 16 hours ago Especially since the first line of the article is "more than a million foreign students study in the US each year." permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 12 points 16 hours ago The criteria included social media without any support of Hamas or other known, listed US recognized terror groups, so a smaller list than the UAE or Saudi Arabia even. That means there were some bad hombres in there who were up to no good, likely just using "study" as a front for intel operations by hostile foreign entities. IOW we got rid of a thick slate of sleeper cells, not just highway blockers. permalink they-see-me-trollin PRO 4 points 11 hours ago so we need a million visa revocations. i voted for this. permalink Formerlurker92 16 points 16 hours ago Cut off the money spigot to the corrupt anti american colleges by denying them their foreign students permalink ninabobby 15 points 16 hours ago It would be if they went beyond “people who don’t love Israel more than life itself” permalink dogofwar 1 points 15 hours ago Quite the opposite. If that's what they were doing, they'd have already revoked millions of visas. Nobody likes Israel on either side. permalink Illuminaughty 3 points 15 hours ago Yeah but most people are too afraid or too indifferent to say anything about it permalink DebunkTheLeft 10 points 16 hours ago More like 6,000,000 permalink joggin_noggin 5 points 12 hours ago Oy vey permalink MakeAdulteryKillable 2 points 15 hours ago Its time get rid of ALL legal immigrants for our own American “Great Reset.” permalink Formerlurker92 24 points 16 hours ago This is a nice start Keep going permalink airborne3502 8 points 16 hours ago I like your optimism. It's in short supply in these parts. permalink invalid_data 0 points 12 hours ago 6000 out of 30M....yeahhh. We are to need more zeroes in the number before its a nice start. permalink wcwe 24 points 16 hours ago Out of everyone in Trump’s cabinet, Lil’ Marco has really surprised me. I expected him to pull the kind of shit we’re seeing from Bondi. permalink KernalMustard 12 points 15 hours ago Hes looking towards 28. Hes trying to erase what he did 2016-2024. permalink maverick202 7 points 14 hours ago 0 chance at being president in 28. But he'll be a badass VP to Vance. He's looking good for 36 run though. permalink invalid_data 2 points 12 hours ago Rubio should never be president material. Hes lived in the swamp too long, is a lawyer, and doesnt connect to real Americans. permalink Tiredofstupidpeople 1 points 5 hours ago Letting your guard down on Rubio is a mistake imo. I find it hard to believe after his past that he suddenly had a come to Jesus moment and turned full Maga, despite the fact he's been saying and even doing some good things. We don't know what's going on behind the scenes. I'm keeping my eye on him. permalink PeaceMakerDJT 11 points 16 hours ago Those are rookie numbers permalink RedditStillSucks 8 points 16 hours ago ROOKIE NUMBERS! permalink CleanUpPhillyTrump24 7 points 16 hours ago There is likely no university or college not affected by this. This is a great message to start this party. America First. That's 6K slots that now open up for an American who is glad to be in America. permalink flashersenpai 4 points 15 hours ago They backtracked on Chinese students earlier this year. The UK remigration movement needs to come to the US. permalink Obambi 7 points 15 hours ago Get all the fucking Indians out permalink DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 5 points 14 hours ago And the CHICOMMs, don't forget the CHICOMMs! permalink RedPillosopher1776 7 points 16 hours ago Revoke them all. permalink Systemfree1632 7 points 15 hours ago Rookie numbers . There needs to be a full onslaught of revocation and denials . permalink ColonelKlink 6 points 16 hours ago We shouldn't have foreign students here. This should be banned. permalink Saxonlady 5 points 16 hours ago Good. Guests should follow the rules, take shoes off at the door and leave quietly. permalink TrumpShadow 5 points 12 hours ago No more foreigners! AND SEND THE ONES ALREADY HERE BACK! permalink RobinNet 2 points 12 hours ago 10 year moratorium on immigration, then re-evaluate. (that was successful- 10 more years!) permalink gurlzpettinsqwerlz 4 points 15 hours ago Get them all out permalink Donold 4 points 15 hours ago 6,000,000 permalink CCGJoe 3 points 13 hours ago More!!!! permalink AssPhixEAtion627 3 points 14 hours ago Needs more 0000’s after that number. permalink Surfsup 3 points 13 hours ago Add three more 000s permalink redditadminssuckit 3 points 15 hours ago AOC: "So? We'll just help them get Mastercards then! CHECKMATE, DRUMPF!" permalink JTIM OP 2 points 15 hours ago 🤣 permalink alina_habbas_fanclub 3 points 15 hours ago Missing 3 zeros 🫤 permalink Choppermagic 3 points 14 hours ago remember that student visas were still being issued during lock downs when students attended remotely. all a scam permalink RandyQuaidsBeard 3 points 16 hours ago Yeah can I get 3 more zeros added to that ... seems a number that would appeal to both right and left... permalink Ligersrule1 2 points 14 hours ago Pull all student visas from shit hole countries! permalink Logan051361 2 points 16 hours ago Rookie Numbers permalink vitalsine 2 points 13 hours ago GTFO permalink MythArcana 2 points 16 hours ago That's a great start. I might actually start buying his fish tacos again since he's done such a great job. (Apparently, only West Coast residents will get that joke.) permalink TheSage 2 points 12 hours ago You need to pump those numbers up! permalink malooch 2 points 15 hours ago Pump those numbers up baby permalink USNVET71 2 points 15 hours ago This is exactly what I voted for. permalink ohpleaseuhhelpame 2 points 14 hours ago Keep it up Lil Marco! permalink IvIA6A 2 points 15 hours ago Some judge is probably going to cry about due process permalink quiznossucks1 2 points 10 hours ago you know...i'm starting to like this guy again..... permalink terribletwos 2 points 16 hours ago It's a start, let me know when we're revoking the citizenship of the people that they weaseled in here by the millions that shouldn't even be here, let alone got citizenship. It's a bigger deal than the illegals or this. permalink jonnyuno 2 points 11 hours ago Mr. Amnesty is turning out to be a winner. Revoke harder! permalink Basedpeda 2 points 9 hours ago Make it six million permalink BoomShtick 2 points 16 hours ago This gives me the squirts…. More! permalink makersmarx 2 points 16 hours ago Why is everyone talking about the squirts lately? Did I miss something permalink BoomShtick 2 points 15 hours ago I pulled it from Fleccas Podcast permalink guidothekp 2 points 14 hours ago For those of you rejoicing, do you think the Universities did not issue 10000 more acceptances in anticipation? permalink RandyMoss 1 points 12 hours ago Per day? permalink Another_ID 1 points 16 hours ago Welcome undergrads who want to study humanities, social sciences, art and other crap. None of these Ph.D STEM spys. permalink DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 5 points 14 hours ago No foreigners AT ALL those spots should be for educating 🇺🇸AMERICANS🇺🇸 permalink handshakejackson 2 points 15 hours ago We definitely need more philosopher HVAC technicians and sociologist welders. permalink dogcatfud 1 points 14 hours ago Welcome undergrads who want to study humanities, social sciences, art and other crap. I think you would change your mind about this if you were to spend a few weeks at a typical university campus. I can't tell you how many mass emails I get about events put on by ethnic student clubs such as the "Indian Student Association" or "Muslim Student Association." I don't want more foreigners coming here to join and promote clubs that can be and are often hostile to native-born Americans who want a uniform American culture. permalink redditadminssuckit 1 points 15 hours ago https://patriots.win/p/19BtGYi3HF/aoc-responds-to-marco-rubios-rev/c permalink MEME-SUPREME 1 points 16 hours ago Rubio / Tulsi 2032 permalink JTIM OP 1 points 16 hours ago Vance/Gabbard through 2036 permalink Tmntnyc 1 points 15 hours ago This might have repurcissions for our country in the long run. Most foreign students aren't coming here to major in queer black gender art history, they're coming here to study mathematics, physics, neuroscience, chemistry, and engineering. While some go home after, most don't because they like it here and are hired by companies and contribute to our country's R&D. I've worked in academia for decades and American students just get worse and worse every year. They don't have the same drive or even respect for academic rigor as maybe they used to decades ago. There's going to be a brain drain if we boot out all the foreign students, mark my words. It's not like those numbers are being replaced with talented and eager American students. With generational budget cuts to academia from this administration, I wonder how Republicans think our military will fare in 30 years when we are a country of tradesman and blue collar workers, there's no innovation in tech to continue advancing new weapons technologies to stay #1 in military power. The folks who R&D crazy cutting edge shit are PhDs in the sciences, some of them homegrown but most of them foreign born, that we incentivize to live and work here. We aren't going to just fall from #1 to #2, especially when other countries start poaching what little homegrown talent we have left, with higher salaries. There's no since give to go to college anymore. Too expensive. permalink Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 14 hours ago There have to be parallel moves to find the American students are willing to work hard, have great potential. Hard to believe that they aren’t out there. permalink Beardholder 1 points 12 hours ago Need to have like 3 more 000s permalink PunishedOrange 1 points 15 hours ago thats it? its a nothing burger permalink zombie_sloth 0 points 11 hours ago did they say something naughty about the ones who cannot be criticized? permalink flashersenpai -2 points 16 hours ago The State Department official said between 200 and 300 of the visas pulled were over accusations that they engaged in "support for terrorism" under federal statute. The State Department is hiding it's Israel First actions by lumping Zionist activism into 6k other visa cases. They previously called writing a school blog post "support for terrorism" arrested the student in the NE, then sent them to Louisiana for deportation. Meanwhile, I'm not aware of any students who have been deported for writing posts critical of whites, christians, or America. In fact, it's taken extraordinary actions to even allow white South Africans into the United States. Something which likely only happened due to the influence of Elon Musk. see also The Trump administration has also imposed stricter screening for student visa applications. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced in April that international students, among other visa applicants, would have their social media screened for things including antisemitic content. The State Department has also required that student visa applicants make their social media profiles public. permalink flashersenpai 1 points 15 hours ago The reason I point this out is people are being fooled that wokeism/DIE is being attacked when in reality it's just changed forms. permalink friedchicken -3 points 16 hours ago He has such a little bitch face permalink makersmarx 1 points 16 hours ago Lol permalink friedchicken 0 points 16 hours ago Look how serious he think he looks! permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 16 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 14 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink SqRt7744 0 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 1479 Marco Rubio revokes 6,000 foreign visas. (www.cbsnews.com) posted 16 hours ago by JTIM 81 comments State Department revokes over 6,000 student visas, citing law breaking and overstays More than a million foreign students study in the U.S. each year. www.cbsnews.com