678 Democrats are currently losing their minds over President Trump and Kristi Noem painting the southern border wall BLACK to let it get super hot from the sun. It's being done so the criminals would burn their hands to the touch if they even tried. posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 51 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 14h 🚨 LMAO! Democrats are currently losing their minds over President Trump and Kristi Noem painting the southern border wall BLACK to let it get super hot from the sun. It's being done so the criminals would burn their hands to the touch if they even tried. Genius move. 🔥🤣 51 comments Kamalas_Cankles 32 points 13 hours ago Hopefully it doesn't get jet fuel hot. Wouldn't want it to melt. permalink lifeisahologram 21 points 13 hours ago Well fortunately I don’t think that can melt steel beams permalink BidenShowerDrool 16 points 12 hours ago Building 7 enters the chat. permalink MegoThor 10 points 10 hours ago “Pull it!” Building 7 leaves the chat. permalink Mortal_Wombat 1 points 3 hours ago Office fires are typically pretty horrendous. permalink keeman 3 points 5 hours ago Thermite might help if one were trying to melt steel beams. permalink celticwhisper 4 points 12 hours ago Wait, I thought that was dank memes. permalink BurtMcGirt 18 points 12 hours ago If so, they could just reinforce it with passports. permalink Kamalas_Cankles 10 points 12 hours ago Shit, now they'll just make gloves out of passports and climb over. permalink BurtMcGirt 6 points 12 hours ago Shit! Don't give them any ideas! permalink Region 6 points 12 hours ago Hopefully there are no building NEXT TO the wall if that happens. permalink Herc130 23 points 13 hours ago "I see a tall wall and I want it painted black..." permalink qwhyamihere 14 points 12 hours ago I took this and used A.I. made me lul. “Paint That Wall Black” (Parody) Verse 1 I see a tall wall and I want it painted black, No open doorway, no one sneakin’ through the crack. Cartels and coyotes, they won’t make it past, Stack the bricks together, make it strong and make it last. Chorus Paint it black, paint it black, Roll that border line back. Paint it black, paint it black, Keep the chaos off the track. Verse 2 I see the smugglers with their bags upon their back, I watch the dealers run but they can’t beat the stack. Every shady tunnel, every ladder that they pack, We’ll cover it in darkness, every corner painted black. Chorus (repeat) Paint it black, paint it black, Roll that border line back. Paint it black, paint it black, Keep the chaos off the track. permalink ForceMultiplier 6 points 11 hours ago I wonder if AI could imitate Weird Al's voice singing this as a parody song? Make sure there's enough accordion in the song's bridge. permalink 12points 17 points 13 hours ago Grind off the tops to razor sharp points while you are at it. permalink gorilla_grip 8 points 9 hours ago About 6-7 feet up it should be coated with razor blades and bear traps and broken glass or whatever. permalink Modern_Times 6 points 9 hours ago Run the high voltage electric transmission lines along the top. permalink Elite_DOGE_Squads 2 points 8 hours ago Just create an ecosystem of fire ants along the entire perimeter. permalink HairSniffer 13 points 12 hours ago If the columns could be filled with waste motor oil, they might stay hot all night. permalink BurtMcGirt 5 points 12 hours ago Or land whale oil. permalink Steve1 10 points 12 hours ago I’ve been demanding a 2 Mile wide Mine Field along the entire border - try and dig under a minefield permalink BurtMcGirt 6 points 12 hours ago Definitely needs a minefield. permalink Herc130 3 points 12 hours ago Don't forget CIWS mounted at every mile with dump trucks driving along the border, full of fresh ammo! permalink HanginChad 8 points 12 hours ago Don't tell them it's for that. Tell them it's to mitigate global warming or some shit. Then they'll have a conundrum. permalink JoePlumber 8 points 12 hours ago Should also electrify it. Idk how that would work but do it up. permalink Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 12 hours ago I don’t know, I grew up in Texas and we had metal slides on the playgrounds with no handrails. Between that and having goat’s head stickers in your yard, summertime made kids hardcore. permalink Cheesemaker 6 points 12 hours ago Needs gators with laser beams attached to their heads. permalink Dmajallen 4 points 11 hours ago Ought to hook up a solar farm output to it permalink Mintap 4 points 12 hours ago It looks cool too. It should be a thing of beauty and tourist attraction. Should be made into a National Monument. permalink hey_spike 4 points 9 hours ago Rust is orange. Orange man bad. Black is beautiful. See, just making the wall better. permalink freedom-thinker 3 points 12 hours ago Not gonna use a sprayer? permalink ForceMultiplier 3 points 11 hours ago I'm sure this is a media event photo op. I wonder if there's enough USA on the other side of the wall in most cases so they can use a bucket truck? permalink freedom-thinker 2 points 11 hours ago Agree, that makes sense, I think the fence should be enough on the US side to allow BP to drive the other side for any reason they might need to. permalink impera 2 points 12 hours ago The leftists are all about green energy right? Doesn't get any greener than being heated up by the sun. Win/win! permalink NinjaFish 2 points 9 hours ago People haven’t heard of gloves? permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 3 points 9 hours ago They don't have gloves because that would get in the way of their new NGO iphones touch screens. permalink socrates2 2 points 8 hours ago Land mines would seal the border cheaply permalink NecturusMaculosus 2 points 9 hours ago Punji sticks embedded in the ground on both sides. Little electric or pneumatic punching gloves that shoot out at random intervals to knock off climbers. Random electric shocks on the columns. Moats on both sides filled with poisonous water snakes, alligators and piranhas. permalink keeman 2 points 5 hours ago If they had added electric heaters and used solar panels to power those heaters, they'd be instantly in favor of it. The swamp creatures would be counting their extra money and would only need to get their midwit base to "I fucking love science" their way to supporting it. permalink NecturusMaculosus 1 points 9 hours ago Ingenious! permalink JamesBond007 1 points 10 hours ago Save paint and electrify it. Take the resistor out of the transformer to “Kick It Up A Notch” permalink Dantalian 1 points 6 hours ago What a brilliant idea! permalink PoleWatcher 1 points 2 hours ago It can reduce global warming by absorbing the heat before it gets to the ground permalink Daveyclimber 1 points 12 hours ago It's the least we can do. Trust me. permalink Beans187 1 points 5 hours ago Modern problems require modern solutions. permalink BurtMcGirt 1 points 12 hours ago Sounds like something a very stable genius would do. permalink Raziel68 -1 points 8 hours ago So if it's hot in August, does it keep hands warm in January? Just a retarded photo opp! Lemme guess... A Mexican with a rattle can is doing the painting? permalink 37dwarves 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink BobSacano 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink 678 Democrats are currently losing their minds over President Trump and Kristi Noem painting the southern border wall BLACK to let it get super hot from the sun. It's being done so the criminals would burn their hands to the touch if they even tried. posted 13 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 51 comments Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 14h 🚨 LMAO! Democrats are currently losing their minds over President Trump and Kristi Noem painting the southern border wall BLACK to let it get super hot from the sun. It's being done so the criminals would burn their hands to the touch if they even tried. Genius move. 🔥🤣