1334 Why does Roblox encourage kids to use their real names? posted 12 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 82 comments Grummz @Grummz • 13h Why does Roblox encourage kids to use their real names? Schlep @RealSchlep • 14h Didn’t Roblox sent me a cease and desists for sharing personal private info? Why are you telling kids to use their real name? This is super weird and dangerous 82 comments bleeje 80 points 12 hours ago Because it wants the other kids in the school district to ALSO use their real names. They want the real names of whole groups of children in various school districts. This way they can monitor their activities and segment the data analytics by geography very easily. https://create.roblox.com/docs/production/analytics https://www.statista.com/statistics/1190914/roblox-games-users-global-distribution-geography/ Then when Soros or other Leftist/Communist groups and PE cos. approach them, they'll have an impeccable dataset across time and literally space that tracks the movements and activities of millions of kids. By then they'll have fed communist propaganda to your children and they can track if the children's activities on Roblox are 'aligning' with the training. Not enough 'alignment'? Feed them more propaganda? Coming along nicely? Advance them to higher levels. https://www.takeaway-reality.com/post/roblox-demographics-statistics THEN they can have a truly massive dataset to feed an upcoming LLM to be the backend for a massive AI Communist Training Interactive Engine. They've lost Gen Z to some extent. But not the next gen of kids. Welcome to The Future :) EDIT: Also Gambling! If you lower the legal age of adulthood (Soros and Bill Gates' goal), your 14 year old can meet a Roblox adult male for sex after he tracks her/him by name and geolocation data, and be pimped out by him due to prostitution becoming legalized (Commie Zohran Mamdani will legalize it in the massive market of NYC once he becomes Mayor) and THEN she/he/they can have bets placed on her/him/them through Robux (Roblox's online currency) Sorry, again - Welcome to The Future :) permalink 24601 50 points 11 hours ago Google already does this.... with the school's permission. It's called Google Classroom. https://www.govtech.com/education/k-12/california-parents-sue-google-alleging-it-tracks-students I'm sure Roblox does it too... but Google got there first. Yet another reason to Homeschool Your Kids. permalink GoldwaterVoter 20 points 11 hours ago NEVER submit your child's real birthdate to Google or Microsoft or ANY computer service. When your child reaches 18 and applies for credit -- guess what you find out ?? The data base has been hacked and the child's ID has been stolen and run up bad credit. permalink 24601 10 points 10 hours ago The school does it for you. permalink charwoman 2 points 47 minutes ago Can Confirm. My oldest had her SSN published on the districts website along with all the other student's. The way we discovered it was from a friend who worked at the district calling us to tell us to check the class of xxxx. When I called the district it was fluffed off. A few years later the kid couldn't get a car loan due to massive bad debt. Found out I had a black 46 year old "daughter" in Florida...I was 44 at the time. The kid at that point had no recourse but to declare bankruptcy. I hate government schools and the numpties that staff them. permalink view 1 more comments... bleeje 14 points 11 hours ago And now Roblox wants to compete: https://create.roblox.com/docs/education/educator-onboarding/3-setting-up-a-roblox-classroom permalink The_Return_of_User_x 5 points 11 hours ago They want your real name, because it's harder to change. permalink nakedjay 7 points 10 hours ago It's called Workspace for Education. That's the entire suite, Classroom is just one product under the umbrella. For example, Google just rolled out Gemini and NotebookLM as core products under Workspace. Any core products have FERPA protections built in. I'll be following this lawsuit, because if it's been found that they were tracking tens of millions of students in violation of FERPA, they will have opened themselves up to massive lawsuits from states, schools, parents, and ultimately, the Federal government. This would be a massive financial liability. This doesn't even take into account the student data privacy acts that individual states have passed that Google would be violating. permalink 24601 2 points 48 minutes ago A long time ago.... I had my kids in Government school. There was a data privacy form to fill out at the beginning of the year. On the form was a check box with only one choice "Yes".... The checkbox was to allow Google access to privacy data. I wrote to the school district superintendent and indicated that I would not be checking that box. He wrote back that my decision was fine. Corollary.... The schools ARE sharing personal information with Google, and have been for a very long time. Most parents probably are mostly blind to the checkbox with one choice. Lesson: Homeschool your kids. permalink 37dwarves 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink End-h1b 4 points 8 hours ago I look at this and wonder how many kids are going to go through the lifelong turmoil of being molested. This is going to be EVEN LARGER than the Epstein list, not that we are supposed to talk about that anymore. permalink Dessert_Eagle 2 points 6 hours ago The internet turned into a dystopian slop zone after social media started trying to enforce using your real names and real PFPs instead of being an adventurous frontier it once was. It was pure cancer. I miss creative, cool usernames :( Thanks a lot, Zuck! permalink Tiredofstupidpeople 1 points 5 hours ago It's not just the political tracking and indoctrination angle though. The fact they're running cover for pedos points to there being more than one reason for why they do this. We're probably seriously underestimating how many of these types of people are out there nowadays. permalink utfanx2 31 points 12 hours ago Only one reason. Pedos encouraging kids to dox themselves. permalink rebuildingMyself 1 points 1 hour ago And am added bonus of normalizing doxxing your own children for the State. You don't want pedos talking to your children right? Then it'll grow into everyone having to ID themselves to use the internet. UK is already harassing those that post under their real names voluntarily but obviously the goal is to go after even those that choose to stay anonymous permalink Covidrrhea 20 points 12 hours ago shut that incessant bullshit down already permalink twentytwentyfourr 8 points 10 hours ago right? go back to pong or super mario. permalink YouAreIgnorant 17 points 11 hours ago Their executives should be swatted for pedophilia. permalink ActNow 13 points 10 hours ago One of their developers was busted for pedophilia. permalink TheSonOfGadsden 15 points 11 hours ago Roblox is a pedo ring confirmed permalink LizardKingx002 9 points 11 hours ago What is it supposedly though? Back in my high school days we had school assemblies to NEVER use our real name on the internet lol permalink PowerOfBlues 1 points 9 hours ago Back in my high school days there was no internet.....and it was magnificent permalink Tele_Plus 4 points 8 hours ago Not sure why you got downvoted. When I was in HS in the mid/late 90s the internet was in most people’s homes but no social media yet. We did communicate via AOL or ICQ, or maybe chat rooms, but looking back, it really wasn’t much different than talking on the phone, just that rather than hog the phone we would hog the family PC. Aside from that, we weren’t spending hours staring at a computer screen or maintaining an online presence or trying to go viral. I too have fond memories of a time when people lived life in the real world. permalink TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 10 hours ago I don’t know, I’ve only heard of it recently since this whole thing blew up. I’m so behind on gaming these days. permalink ActNow 3 points 10 hours ago I just found out it's been around for years. https://patriots.win/p/19BtBuK99Y/roblox-its-worse-than-you-think/c permalink TheRPatriot 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah I remember my friends playing it well over a decade ago. Blows my mind it’s more popular now than when I was younger permalink npc_1234 1 points 9 hours ago Yeah, I remember playing it in elementary school, like 2008 or 9. I haven't really heard about it since and just always assumed Minecraft killed it. permalink N14205ST205 3 points 9 hours ago It's had Minecraft-esque viral fame for about a decade now because it's essentially a multi genre Super Mario Maker esque dev kit where you can either make any kind of game you want, screw around with the base engine, or join servers other players are hosting and play in their games. The characters' Lego figure like art style and the "Oof" sound they make when they get hurt in game have been famous memes even in non gaming circles. permalink TheSonOfGadsden 2 points 4 hours ago So that’s where that freaking sound came from. permalink N14205ST205 1 points 9 hours ago How many kids actually paid attention at those assemblies and weren't just waiting to get back to class and get the day over with? I'm sure that for many, the mandatory nature of those events meant that optimism bias set in and the actual lesson got lost in the process. permalink LaptopDied 7 points 12 hours ago What??? Noooo!!! permalink AlexJonesIsRight 7 points 10 hours ago Because the world is far more evil than you think it is. Turn to Christ. I tried every other solution, He is the only one. permalink MemeLawd 6 points 11 hours ago Because its being run by Leftist Pedophiles permalink Overkillengine 5 points 11 hours ago ID laws for website access just means that the predators embedded in these systems have an easier time of identifying who the best prey is. When a user is anonymous, they don't know if it's because they are a kid or an adult who likes their privacy. Way riskier to engage in grooming attempts that way. permalink Cacciali_Via 5 points 11 hours ago Can someone explain to this Gen Xer, wtf a roblox is? permalink thisguy883 4 points 9 hours ago Its a game with its own platform. you can create games very easily using its engine. you can then publish your game using the Roblox engine and let other play it, earning you "Robux", which is the platforms currency. the more popular your game is, the more Robux you earn. you can also buy Robux if you are too lazy to build a game using its engine. Robux can then be used to buy things in the games, like powerups, special items, skins, etc. The reason why kids love this game is because there are literally thousands of games within it that people have created using its engine. Its multiplayer too, so you can play with friends. The reasons pedos love it, is because youre allowed to join practically any game so long as you "lie" about your age. Think of a 12 year old saying they're 18 to play a NSFW game and access NSFW content on the platform intended for the "adult" audience of the game. However, if youre a decent enough parent who knows what thier kids are doing online, you can set parental controls on an account you manage and have it to where chat and invites are disabled, and all NSFW content is blocked, to include violence and games that have simulated gore and blood. permalink Cacciali_Via 1 points 5 hours ago Thank you. I can see why children are vulnerable on it. permalink ActNow 2 points 10 hours ago If you ask them: "Roblox is the ultimate virtual universe that lets you create, share experiences with friends, and be anything you can imagine." permalink N14205ST205 4 points 9 hours ago Remember the principle of not putting your personal info online? Pepperidge Farm remembers. permalink AlvinOfTheTrumpmunks 4 points 11 hours ago Robolox has what's called XYZ bathroom simulators where they can do their weird shit. permalink ColonelKlink 4 points 11 hours ago It's so the pedos can find them in real life to rape them. permalink ActNow 1 points 10 hours ago Many of them offer Robux (spelling?) to kids for inappropriate pics. permalink Prandogolio 4 points 11 hours ago Marxists want a pedo society permalink LBTrumplican2 4 points 11 hours ago Roblox is Pleasure Island from Pinocchio. permalink SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 11 hours ago Mohammed was a pedophile. They think it's normal and if Kamala won we would all be forced to not discriminate against MAPs. It's the final frontier. permalink moscowjade 3 points 11 hours ago Pdoblox permalink newuser8 3 points 11 hours ago Nextdoor does the same thing lmao. They constantly flag my profile permalink PiratePatriotParrot OP PRO 2 points 11 hours ago I got suspended for 2 weeks for linking a cop cam video for the area. My friend (female) says she's been banned 3 times. permalink ActNow 2 points 10 hours ago Roblox is truly terrible and should be shut down. https://patriots.win/p/19BtBuK99Y/roblox-its-worse-than-you-think/c permalink Luke7137 2 points 8 hours ago Why does Roblox encourage kids to use their real names permalink AbyssalObserver 2 points 11 hours ago The main page of the Roblox website specifically says: "Don't use your real name" on the sign up form. Strange. Edit: Seems like this "Change Name" box only suggests your real name if the account age when changing your name is above 18, according to some people that tried. permalink patriot7682 2 points 8 hours ago I literally lost my daughter to pedo groomers via Roblox. I'm in the tech sector and it happened right under my nose. By the time I realized it she was already too far gone. They convinced her to file false reports against me, and I ended up going through a lengthy legal affair and was finally exonerated but not before we had to sign our parental rights over. It's real. It's serious. Please protect your kids permalink Jakylangelo 2 points 5 hours ago They are a farming operation for pedophiles and traffickers. They set up a “viewing” system to allow elite pedophiles to hand pick their next victim. How many children have been kidnapped because of this shit? permalink twentytwentyfourr 2 points 10 hours ago because they're gay creeps permalink mattytr 1 points 7 hours ago Because they don't care about COPPA. permalink tflst5 1 points 29 minutes ago I have to be honest - i did not take the Roblox stories very seriously. I thought they were reaching. But seeing this little thing is changing my mind. Even my kids, who go to public school, are taught by their technology teachers to NOT use their real names online. This message is beaten into their heads from Kindergarten on - and rightly so. For a company the size of Roblox to actually suggest this is a gigantic red flag. This goes beyond just "turning a blind eye". They are actively trying to get kid identities exposed on their platform. And their excuse for doing it is bogus too. My kids share their usernames with their friends easily. It takes ZERO effort for them to scribble a username down onto a notepad and hand it to their friend - or just straight up tell them. Then you have to ask - why? Why are they doing this? Are they trying to build marketing profiles on our children? If they know little Timmy likes to play Spiderman games on Roblox.. are they going to feed little Timmy ads for Spiderman toys on Youtube? My hunch is that they probably don't need their real names to do this - they already have the IP address and can easily connect that to the parent's profile to figure out who the child is. Or is the reason more nefarious... because predators can EASILY track kids to their real world location with their name and a few very minor details (that they can trick the child into revealing through chat). Having the name exposed to everyone is the perfect way to help predators. Hell.. it probably puts a giant bullseye onto the kid when people see a real name used. permalink Handshake45 1 points 11 hours ago I’ve been seeing this along with stawk prices anyone with a QRD on this shit? permalink MudDog 1 points 10 hours ago easier to abduct, you didn't think they shut the whole island thing down because they got caught did you? permalink cyberwar 1 points 5 hours ago This is their business model, to sell the data. permalink WassermanSchultz 1 points 10 hours ago My kid plays Roblox (voice communication disabled through Xbox parental settings) and he just has a screen name. I don't recall them ever asking for a real name when I set it up, but it they did I just scoffed and asked him what he wanted his name to be. permalink ActNow 2 points 10 hours ago Disabling chat is a good move. I hope you're monitoring it closely. https://rumble.com/v6xmlm0-stone-sour-wicked-games-soundgarden-blow-up-the-outside-world.html There's a guy at the beginning of this vid describing his experience signing up as a child and also setting up parental controls. Turn the sound off after that and read the x post. The video ends with the AG for Louisiana doing a press conference. permalink clickinheelz 1 points 3 hours ago Same. I only let my older kid play, we talk constantly about no sharing of personal information and online safety, chat is disabled, his time is limited, the content filter is the highest I can make it and I also have the parental account set so any transactions (friends and chat requests) attempted come to me. Call me overbearing but I'm not messing around. For us it is a social thing at our school and lets him play and connect with his peers. If the choice was between his own phone and the game, I'd rather him play and put off handing him a phone as long as possible. After all this talk of the platform having garbage, I'm currently at the point where I think I'm going to build my own games. It doesn't sound too hard (working with Grok to understand the process). Why not flood the market with positive games with good themes? I understand it's not as popular with the audience to have a squeaky clean game but I've heard of games that are silly and not violence driven that are super popular (like the Grow a Garden one). permalink Peatrie 1 points 10 hours ago Yep Pedophilia permalink MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 8 hours ago Finish your game, Grummz. permalink tuaris 1 points 8 hours ago It's to normalize the de-anonymization of the Internet. Start them young so they know nothing else but that. Then in less than a generation, your favorite government can come in and require a license.ID number tied to your identify in order to access Internet. permalink Krat 1 points 10 hours ago the mistake here is believing there is logic or reason to anything from a raving lunatic leftist hive like roblox. permalink SuperHonkey 1 points 42 minutes ago You know why... permalink farstriderr 1 points 7 hours ago Oh look it's the guy who got banned from Roblox for being a child predator and pretending it was to "catch the predators". permalink IncredibleMrE1 1 points 11 hours ago Not all of the grooming going on there is necessarily of a sexual nature, and much of it is likely being conducted by feds. permalink keeman 1 points 3 hours ago So the CIA and FBI can start their files? permalink FreedomFlowerDelta 1 points 1 hour ago Now do Facebook permalink You_know_Whews 1 points 2 hours ago I can't tell which friends are my daughter's and which are pieces of shit predators, so I just took the entire platform from her. Gave her a gymnastics room in our house instead. Fuck screens permalink MythArcana 1 points 11 hours ago Nate Higgers signing in, let's gooooooo! permalink 5DchessWatch 1 points 9 hours ago Because they want to fuck kids With lego dildos or something permalink Gfloydvotestrump 1 points 8 hours ago As one of the first children to ever use the internet it still blows my fucking mind how people put their entire life online. Dad taught us to never even say your real name, WTF is wrong with people (and the world) where this is required? Here, how's this for a name? You, Fuck. permalink Burisma 1 points 9 hours ago Very suspect but the reason is likely to them to advertising. permalink knnbccb 1 points 8 hours ago Once of the joys of the Internet, as early as back in the dialup and Geocities days, is to be anonymous and not let anyone know who/where you are online. If you wanted your real-life friends to know, you would tell them your username/nickname offline , in person. You didn't need some delulu wankers called admins of a particular website or online game, to micromanage you like this. permalink SkepticalSkeptic 0 points 10 hours ago Let me fall victim to a screenshot of an image posted by a supposed adult that plays an online kids game. Sorry but even if he's telling the truth, he still gives off pedo vibes. For all I know he may be irritated by all the new competition, but let's make him out to be a hero ffs. This is a supposed grown man playing a game geared towards kids, he's a loser. permalink ActNow 4 points 10 hours ago Apparently, Roblox has games for all ages and a kids' games section. If you're not familiar with the background: The original poster "Schlep" is a minor (possibly a teenager) who was groomed on Roblox and survived a later suicide attempt. He returned and outed 6 pedos on the game. Roblox banned him. permalink sadSeagull0 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink yuge_bigly_01 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink Emiliz 1 points 1 hour ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink 1334 Why does Roblox encourage kids to use their real names? posted 12 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot PRO 82 comments Grummz @Grummz • 13h Why does Roblox encourage kids to use their real names? Schlep @RealSchlep • 14h Didn’t Roblox sent me a cease and desists for sharing personal private info? Why are you telling kids to use their real name? This is super weird and dangerous