Bryan Kohberger | Fox News
New documents show Bryan Kohberger's graduate school peers considered him a problematic potential incel before University of Idaho student murders occurred     Idaho authorities investigate apparent leaked jailhouse video showing convicted murderer Bryan Kohberger in his maximum security cell, calling it a policy violation.     Bryan Kohberger called his mother multiple times after killing four University of Idaho students, including when he returned to the crime scene, forensic analysis reveals     Bryan Kohberger faces harassment from fellow inmates at Idaho Maximum Security Institution after pleading guilty to murdering four Idaho students, report says     Washington police release documents on unsolved home invasion involving masked intruder with knife just miles from Idaho students' murders crime scene.     Moscow Police Department releases 200 crime scene photos showing the aftermath of Bryan Kohberger's attack on four University of Idaho students.     The Idaho State Police said "Dateline" got several facts wrong in their special in May.     The Latah County Prosecutors Office released images of a 3D model house that replicates 1122 King Road in Moscow, Idaho, where four University of Idaho students were killed.     Idaho prosecutor Bill Thompson says investigators can't rule out Bryan Kohberger having used a second weapon in University of Idaho student murders case.     Bryan Kohberger was pulled over by the Latah County Sheriff's Office on Aug. 21, 2022, according to the Lata County Sheriff's Office.      Bryan Kohberger was sentenced to four consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole for the 2022 University of Idaho college murders of four young university students Madison Mogen, Kaylee Goncalves, Xana Kernodle, and Ethan Chapin.
Judge Steven Hippler also sentenced Kohberger to 10 years for burglary and $290,000 in financial penalties to the victims’ families.
On June 30, 2025, Kohberger accepted a plea deal in exchange for life without parole and a waiver of appeals. On July 2, 2025, he pleaded guilty to four counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony burglary. He declined to address the court during his July 23, 2025, sentencing.
Kohberger was a criminology Ph.D. student and was indicted by a grand jury in Latah County, Idaho, in May 2023. Kohberger is accused of sneaking into a college town rental home around 4 a.m. on Nov. 13, 2022, and killing four students inside.
Police found DNA evidence on a Ka-Bar knife sheath left near Mogen's body and said that they pieced together the movements of Kohberger's cellphone and white Hyundai Elantra, according to a probable cause affidavit unsealed in January 2023 after his arrest on four counts of first-degree murder and felony burglary.
Authorities apprehended Kohberger in his parent's Albrightsville, Pennsylvania, home on Dec. 30, 2022.
The family home in a gated community was raided by police before taking Kohberger into custody. Idaho Judge Megan Marshall signed off on the arrest warrant accusing Kohberger of four counts of first-degree murder and a felony burglary charge the same day police located the suspect.
The quadruple murder drew national attention in late 2022 due to the horrific nature of the crimes.