Karen Read | Fox News
Karen Read is a former financial analyst and college professor from Massachusetts who gained media attention in early 2022 when her boyfriend, Boston cop John O'Keefe, was killed in late January.
Read was indicted on murder charges in June 2022, to which she pleaded not guilty. She was accused of ramming into O'Keefe with her Lexus SUV and leaving him to die in the snowstorm after a drunken argument.
Her defense team for the first trial, beginning in April 2024, included a high-powered defense team, including Alan Jackson, who helped Kevin Spacey get acquitted on sexual assault charges in 2019.
The first trial ended with a hung jury.  Read faces charges of second-degree murder, manslaughter, and leaving the scene of a deadly accident in connection with O'Keefe's death.
She has maintained her innocence.
Karen Read's father, Bill, discusses his family's ordeal during his daughter's legal battle in a podcast interview, urging citizens to 'take back your government' after her acquittal     A grand juror in a federal proceeding connected to the Karen Read case faces charges for disclosing confidential information about closed-door hearings.     After Karen Read's acquittal in John O'Keefe's death, witnesses face harassment, investigators lose jobs, and Read secures media deals while facing a lawsuit.     Karen Read filed a motion to dismiss a wrongful death lawsuit brought by John O'Keefe's family seeking over $50,000 in damages after she was recently acquitted of murder charges.     Family of Boston Police Officer John O'Keefe expresses outrage after ex-girlfriend Karen Read was cleared of homicide charges, with Read receiving only probation for drunk driving.     The jury foreman in Karen Read's retrial said the FBI needs to take a look into the death of Boston Police Department officer John O'Keefe.     Jury foreman in Karen Read's retrial declares her innocent, blaming lack of evidence as jurors rejected homicide charges in the death of Boston Police Officer John O'Keefe.     Special prosecutor Hank Brennan condemns witness harassment in the Karen Read case after her acquittal on homicide charges in Boston Police Officer John O'Keefe's death.     Karen Read's defense attorneys reveal the trial turning point was when prosecutor Hank Brennan made a critical error about evidence, leading to her acquittal.     Fresh off her gripping murder acquittal, Karen Read was spotted easing back into everyday life on Friday, hauling trash like any regular American outside her hotel room in Boston.