By David Mouriquand Published on 21/08/2025 - 13:42 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp The Hollywood actor described the controversial US Secretary of Health, who happens to be the cousin of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, as "funny" and "wonderful." ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Guardians of the Galaxy and Jurassic World star Chris Pratt is facing backlash for describing controversial US Secretary of Health Robert F. Kennedy Jr. as “funny” and “wonderful”. The actor appeared on an episode of Bill Maher’s Club Random podcast this week and was asked about his relationship with RFK Jr., who is the cousin of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger – daughter of Arnold, who is not a Trump fan . Pratt said he had spent time with Kennedy on “a number of occasions”, primarily in a “strictly family dinner kind of vibe”. “I really get along with him well and think he’s great,” he said. “He’s funny, he’s wonderful. I love him.” Rober F. Kennedy Jr., a close ally of Donald Trump, has been criticised by many for his attitudes towards vaccinations and his breaks from scientific consensus. ADVERTISEMENT Some of his most controversial claims include “autism comes from vaccines” - a claim repeated in a 2023 interview with Fox News - and that fluoride, a naturally occurring mineral recognised to protect teeth against decay, was “associated with arthritis, bone fractures, bone cancer, IQ loss, neurodevelopmental disorders, and thyroid disease". Recently, the Annals of Internal Medicine, an influential US medical journal, rejected calls from Kennedy Jr. to retract a large Danish study that found that aluminum ingredients in vaccines do not increase health risks for children. “Politics, it’s a nasty business,” Pratt continued in the podcast. “When you jump on the bandwagon with the most divisive president ever, it makes sense that you’re going to be made to look terrible.” ADVERTISEMENT “I don’t know what to believe [about Kennedy],” he added. “It’s not like I say to [him], ‘Let’s talk about this’ while we’re playing cards or having fun or having dinner. I’m not going to pick his brain to find out exactly which of those things are true. I just assume that none of them are? For the most part, I wish him well.” Many have criticised Pratt for his comments. See some of the reactions below: “When you side with the fascist, people make you look like a fascist’.” Well yes, Chris Pratt, that IS how that works.” “Not a movie script. Chris Pratt actually said this: “I’d hate to be so mired in hatred for the president that I’d be allergic to his success.” ADVERTISEMENT “Funny how celebrities preach unity but then excuse family ties to one of the most divisive figures in US politics.” “Chris Pratt always plays a dumbass idiot because he’s actually a dumbass idiot and he’s not acting.” “Everything I learn about Chris Pratt is against my will and makes me like him less.” ADVERTISEMENT Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more New 'South Park' episode targets Trump's federal D.C. police takeover Former FBI chief sparks MAGA outrage over his Taylor Swift confession Jack White blasts Donald Trump’s 'vulgar' Oval Office redecoration Health Robert F. Kennedy Jr actor United States Hollywood Controversy Scathing new 'South Park' episode takes aim at Donald Trump’s federal takeover of D.C. police By David Mouriquand Published on 21/08/2025 - 13:42 GMT+2 Share this article Comments Share this article Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp The Hollywood actor described the controversial US Secretary of Health, who happens to be the cousin of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, as "funny" and "wonderful." ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Guardians of the Galaxy and Jurassic World star Chris Pratt is facing backlash for describing controversial US Secretary of Health Robert F. Kennedy Jr. as “funny” and “wonderful”. The actor appeared on an episode of Bill Maher’s Club Random podcast this week and was asked about his relationship with RFK Jr., who is the cousin of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger – daughter of Arnold, who is not a Trump fan . Pratt said he had spent time with Kennedy on “a number of occasions”, primarily in a “strictly family dinner kind of vibe”. “I really get along with him well and think he’s great,” he said. “He’s funny, he’s wonderful. I love him.” Rober F. Kennedy Jr., a close ally of Donald Trump, has been criticised by many for his attitudes towards vaccinations and his breaks from scientific consensus. ADVERTISEMENT Some of his most controversial claims include “autism comes from vaccines” - a claim repeated in a 2023 interview with Fox News - and that fluoride, a naturally occurring mineral recognised to protect teeth against decay, was “associated with arthritis, bone fractures, bone cancer, IQ loss, neurodevelopmental disorders, and thyroid disease". Recently, the Annals of Internal Medicine, an influential US medical journal, rejected calls from Kennedy Jr. to retract a large Danish study that found that aluminum ingredients in vaccines do not increase health risks for children. “Politics, it’s a nasty business,” Pratt continued in the podcast. “When you jump on the bandwagon with the most divisive president ever, it makes sense that you’re going to be made to look terrible.” ADVERTISEMENT “I don’t know what to believe [about Kennedy],” he added. “It’s not like I say to [him], ‘Let’s talk about this’ while we’re playing cards or having fun or having dinner. I’m not going to pick his brain to find out exactly which of those things are true. I just assume that none of them are? For the most part, I wish him well.” Many have criticised Pratt for his comments. See some of the reactions below: “When you side with the fascist, people make you look like a fascist’.” Well yes, Chris Pratt, that IS how that works.” “Not a movie script. Chris Pratt actually said this: “I’d hate to be so mired in hatred for the president that I’d be allergic to his success.” ADVERTISEMENT “Funny how celebrities preach unity but then excuse family ties to one of the most divisive figures in US politics.” “Chris Pratt always plays a dumbass idiot because he’s actually a dumbass idiot and he’s not acting.” “Everything I learn about Chris Pratt is against my will and makes me like him less.” ADVERTISEMENT Go to accessibility shortcuts Share this article Comments Read more New 'South Park' episode targets Trump's federal D.C. police takeover Former FBI chief sparks MAGA outrage over his Taylor Swift confession Jack White blasts Donald Trump’s 'vulgar' Oval Office redecoration Health Robert F. Kennedy Jr actor United States Hollywood Controversy Facebook Twitter Flipboard Send Reddit Linkedin Messenger Telegram VK Bluesky Threads Whatsapp New 'South Park' episode targets Trump's federal D.C. police takeover Former FBI chief sparks MAGA outrage over his Taylor Swift confession Jack White blasts Donald Trump’s 'vulgar' Oval Office redecoration