20 Aug, 2025 14:56 Home World News Gabbard contradicts key Russiagate claim Moscow had no preference for either candidate in the 2016 US presidential election, the American intel chief has said Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard attends a Cabinet meeting at the White House. © Getty Images / Anna Moneymaker Russia did not favor Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton ahead of the 2016 US presidential election and the administration of then-President Barack Obama was well aware of that, Director of National Intelligence (DNI) Tulsi Gabbard has said. Since mid-July, Gabbard has released multiple documents which allegedly expose a coordinated effort by senior Obama-era officials to falsely accuse Trump of colluding with Russia and delegitimize his first election win. During an appearance on the Hannity program on Fox News on Tuesday, Gabbard insisted that “the intelligence community assessed in the months leading up to that 2016 election that, yes, Russia was trying to interfere in our election by sowing discord and chaos, but stating over and over again that Russia did not appear to have any preference for one candidate over the other.” At the time, Moscow viewed both Trump and Clinton “as equally bad for Russia’s interest,” she said. Read more Declassified emails expose Obama intel chief’s role in Russiagate hoax “The big shift – that happened around what is now commonly known as ‘Russiagate’ – was after the election,” Gabbard claimed. In early December 2016, Obama called a meeting of his national security council leadership, telling then-DNI James Clapper and then-CIA Director John Brennan to come up with a new “politicized and weaponized fake intelligence” assessment, claiming that “Russia, [President Vladimir] Putin did try to interfere in the election because he wanted Trump to win,” she alleged. Russiagate was the “real crime” by Obama officials against the American people because it undermined their votes, Gabbard stressed. Earlier on Tuesday, Gabbard announced that her office had stripped security clearances from 37 current and former US intelligence officials, including Clapper, for allegedly politicizing and manipulating intelligence. READ MORE: US grand jury to investigate Russiagate hoax – media Trump said earlier that all those behind the Russiagate hoax should pay a “big price” for what he labeled a deliberate attempt to sabotage his presidency. Moscow has consistently denied any interference in the 2016 election, with Russian officials calling the US accusations a product of partisan infighting. The Russiagate scandal severely strained US-Russia relations, resulting in sanctions, asset seizures, and a breakdown in diplomatic engagement. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Barack Obama Donald Trump Hillary Clinton US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israeli military has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has announced. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full Israeli control of Gaza was approved by the security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:26 Home World News Germany’s Merz facing opposition over Ukraine troop plan – Bild The chancellor’s coalition partners insist the German military could only be sent together with US forces, the newspaper claims German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. © Getty Images German Chancellor Friedrich Merz is facing resistance from the Social Democratic Party (SPD) over his plan to dispatch troops to Ukraine in the event of a ceasefire between Moscow and Kiev, Bild reported on Thursday. According to the newspaper, Merz backs sending the German military to Ukraine, but the SPD, which forms part of a ruling coalition, "as of now, will only support this if the US also takes the lead, providing its own troops.” Earlier this week, US President Donald Trump ruled out putting American boots on the ground in Ukraine. Bild also noted that if Ukraine were attacked while German troops were stationed there, Berlin would be in “uncharted legal territory.” Merz also has to grapple with strategic questions such as how many European troops could be deployed to Ukraine, how air surveillance and air protection would be ensured, and how Ukraine would maintain its military capabilities. Read more Germany’s Merz warns EU not to ‘overestimate’ influence on Ukraine conflict Publicly, Merz has not ruled out dispatching German soldiers to Ukraine, but has said “the whole of Europe should participate” in potential security guarantees to Kiev. “It is not just about the territory of Ukraine; it is about Europe's political order,” he added. Foreign Minister Johann Wadephul, however, has warned that Germany’s military capacity is already stretched to the limit. He noted it is currently the only European contributor with a combat-ready brigade stationed in Lithuania, and that simultaneously undertaking a mission in Ukraine “would probably be too much for us.” Although Trump has ruled out deploying US ground troops to Ukraine, he has signaled willingness to offer an air support framework if Moscow and Kiev reach an agreement to end hostilities. The Bild report follows the summit between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska last week, as well as a visit by Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and several European leaders, including Merz, to Washington on Monday, with talks centered on settling the Ukraine conflict. Russia has warned that any NATO or Western troop presence in Ukraine would be absolutely “unacceptable,” regardless of its form or potential scenarios. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Germany Russia-Ukraine conflict US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 04:26 Home World News US to dismantle center tasked with countering ‘Russian influence’ The Biden administration used intel agencies for censorship, DNI Tulsi Gabbard has said US flags fly outside the White House on June 19, 2025 in Washington, DC. © Kevin Carter / Getty Images The US will scale back an intelligence body created to counter foreign influence in the wake of alleged Russian election interference. The move is part of President Donald Trump’s broader campaign to cut wasteful spending and depoliticize federal agencies. In a statement on Wednesday, Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard said the core functions of the “redundant” Foreign Malign Influence Center (FMIC) will be transferred to other bodies. Congress established the FMIC in 2019 following claims of Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election, which Trump won. While Moscow denied seeking to sway the vote, Trump and the Republicans argued the allegations were part of a Democratic effort to delegitimize his victory and undermine his presidency. Read more Declassified emails expose Obama intel chief’s role in Russiagate hoax “FMIC and its predecessor entities were used by the previous administration to justify the suppression of free speech and to censor political opposition,” Gabbard said. Since mid-July, Gabbard has released multiple documents she claims expose a coordinated effort by senior Obama-era officials to falsely accuse Trump of colluding with Russia. On Tuesday, she added that, contrary to some claims, Moscow “did not appear to have any preference for one candidate over the other.” According to Gabbard, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence became “hyper-focused” on elections in 2017 after the CIA prepared a “manufactured” report falsely claiming that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted to help Trump win. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Alleged Russian meddling in US elections Tulsi Gabbard US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy