Terrifying News | Fox News
Terrifying News      The father of Nicholas Quets, a veteran killed by cartel gunmen in Mexico, praises President Trump's crackdown on organized crime, while blaming Biden's "failed border policies."     Warren Quets spoke with Fox News Digital about getting justice for his son, Nicholas Quets, and the Trump administration's work to thwart Mexican drug cartels.      Prosecutors deny HIPAA violation allegations in Luigi Mangione case after defense accused Manhattan DA's office of fraudulent subpoena for health insurance information.     The Israeli-American Council headquarters in Los Angeles was vandalized with antisemitic graffiti over the weekend. The LAPD is investigating it as a possible hate crime.     Soldiers evacuated a building following reports of a shooting at Fort Stewart, Georgia. (X/Breaking News)
The Albert Pike statue will be restored after protesters toppled and burned the Confederate general monument during 2020 anti-racism demonstrations.     Fox News' Marianne Rafferty joins ‘Fox Report’ with an update on a homemade bomb discovered in a California man’s home.     New materials show further evidence of a secret plan by the Hillary Clinton campaign to use the FBI and media to spread a false claim that Donald Trump was a Russian asset.     President Trump's security now includes 'Golf Force One', a specially designed ballistic protection vehicle that follows him during golf outings after security threats.     A group of bystanders, including a man armed with a firearm, rallied together to help stop a suspect who stabbed 11 people at a Walmart in Traverse City, Michigan, on Saturday. (Chris O'Brien via Storyful)     President Donald Trump's administration released 6,300 documents on Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination, uncovering witness accounts, James Earl Ray's fake identities and foreign propaganda.     'Fox & Friends' co-hosts react to anti-Israel protester Mahmoud Khalil refusing to denounce Hamas despite being a designated terrorist organization.     The U.S. released a law enforcement interview with Jerry Ray, brother of Martin Luther King assassin James Earl Ray, recorded after the killing. (National Archives)     Authorities say vandals painted an anti-Israel slogan on a campaign office for Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, accusing her of funding "genocide" in Gaza. (Diego Luzuriaga/FNTV)     Pandemonium broke out on CNN Thursday when Touré said Trump "supposedly got shot in the ear" during a panel discussion about White House transparency on presidential health issues.     CBS News Capitol Hill correspondent Scott MacFarlane told Chuck Todd he feared for his life when Trump supporters turned on the media following the assassination attempt.     Congress is considering cuts to critical national security funding that would reduce America's global footprint. That would undermine U.S. leadership when we need it     Vance Boelter faces federal charges for allegedly murdering former Minnesota House Speaker Melissa Hortman and her husband, with prosecutors calling the attacks 'targeted political assassinations.'     A peaceful Pennsylvania town grapples with tragedy after an assassination attempt at a Trump rally left one local hero dead, as Butler residents hope for unity.     Political reporter Salena Zito reflects on the attempted assassination of President Donald Trump in Butler, Pennsylvania, one year later on 'Fox & Friends Weekend.'     Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., weighs in on a Senate report detailing what the Secret Service knew before President Donald Trump was shot in 2024 in Butler, Pa.     Former NY Homeland Security adviser Michael Balboni reacts to the Secret Service’s failures in a GAO report on the Trump assassination attempt.     Rep. Anna Paulina Luna, R-Fla., joins ‘Fox News Live’ to react to a Senate report detailing what the Secret Service knew before President Donald Trump was shot last year.     Ryan Routh, the accused would-be assassin of President Donald Trump, has asking why the death penalty isn’t on the table and proposed that he be included in a prisoner swap with U.S. adversaries Iran, Hamas and Russia.      9/11 Justice President Brett Eagleson discusses the potential trial for the masterminds behind the September 11 attacks and more on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’     One year after the Butler assassination attempt on Trump, local residents and lawmakers question security preparations and lack of answers despite multiple federal investigations.     Survivors David Dutch and James Copenhaver detail their recovery from injuries sustained during the Trump rally shooting that killed former fire chief Corey Comperatore in Butler.     Federal judges ruled 2-1 that Defense Secretary Austin had legal authority to cancel the Guantánamo Bay plea deal for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in the 9/11 case.     ‘Butler' author Salena Zito recounts witnessing the assassination attempt on President Trump, and his belief that God played a role in saving his life.     One year after the attempted assassination of President Trump, experts suggest Thomas Matthew Crooks was likely seeking notoriety rather than acting on political ideology.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.