Golf | Fox News
Golf      PGA Tour golfer Ben Griffin spoke about what contributed to his terrible start to the final round of the BMW Championship on Sunday afternoon.     Scottie Scheffler completed his second-largest comeback of his career to win the BMW Championship, overtaking leader Robert MacIntyre, with a 15-under finish.     Jon Rahm’s stellar 11-under 60, his lowest round of the season, in the final round at LIV Golf Indianapolis lifted him to a win.     LIV Indianapolis Round 1 Recap: Sebastian Munoz shot a record-setting 59 and will take a three-stroke lead into the weekend.     Check out the 2025 BMW Championship tee times, featured groups and more.
Check out this article for all you need to know about LIV Golf Indianapolis, including dates, times, and where to watch.     Check out the 2025 BMW Championship tee times, featured groups and more.     2025 BMW Championship Field: Full list of golfers for second leg of playoffs     2025 FedExCup standings entering the BMW Championship: See who's leading the race to East Lake with the top 50 ranked players and their latest points.     Justin Rose edged J.J. Spaun in a playoff at the St. Jude Championship, earning a Ryder Cup spot after a clutch finish with four birdies in his last five holes.     LIV Chicago got underway on Friday, so here's a look at how the first round of 18 holes unfolded.     Check out this article for all you need to know about LIV Golf Chicago, including dates, times, and where to watch.     Check out the 2025 FedEx St. Jude Championship tee times, featured groups and more.     Check out the 2025 FedEx St. Jude Championship tee times, featured groups and more.     The 2025 FedEx St. Jude Championship is here. Here is a guide to how and where to watch the full tournament.     The PGA Tour mulls new rules after reigning Masters champion Rory McIlroy takes advantage of legal loophole to skip St. Jude Championship and manage his schedule.     LIV Golf returns to Bolingbrook Golf Club for the second consecutive year for LIV Golf Chicago, the 12th tournament of the 2025 season.     Check out this article for a complete list of golfers competing in the FedEx St. Jude Championship.     Scottie Scheffler is the clear favorite for FedEx St. Jude, but can red-hot Cameron Young play spoiler this weekend? Here are the latest odds.     Scottie Scheffler said being the best golfer didn’t satisfy him, prompting Tom Brady to reflect on balancing career success with being a great father and husband.     Actress Jena Sims pushed back on TikTok against claims she appeared in 'Happy Gilmore 2' solely due to her husband Brooks Koepka's involvement in the Netflix film.     President Donald Trump mocked former President Joe Biden's golf abilities after sharing a video of his recent drive, continuing their ongoing rivalry over golf skills and handicaps.     President Donald Trump addressed playing golf in Scotland while flying back to the U.S. aboard Air Force One on Tuesday.     President Donald Trump said during a visit to his gold course in Aberdeen, Scotland, that he "stopped about five wars" and would soon return to Washington, D.C., because that's "much more important than playing golf."     President Trump's security now includes 'Golf Force One', a specially designed ballistic protection vehicle that follows him during golf outings after security threats.     Joaquin Niemann continued his stellar season with a commanding wire-to-wire victory at LIV Golf UK, marking his fifth win of 2025.     Trump's Scotland trip includes visiting the Turnberry golf resort, which has hosted four Open Championships and features the historic Turnberry Lighthouse on the Ayrshire coast.     President Donald Trump took in a round at his famed Turnberry course Saturday while visiting Scotland. He shared some highlights of his round in a post on social media.     President Donald Trump enjoys a round of golf at Trump Turnberry in Scotland on Saturday. The president is expected to visit his other golf course near Aberdeen before returning to Washington next week. (Credit: @realDonaldTrump via Truth Social)     Joaquin Niemann took complete control of LIV Golf UK on Saturday, shooting an 8-under 63 to open up a commanding 6-shot lead.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.