House of Representatives News, Articles & Updates | Fox News | Fox News
House Of Representatives      The Department of Justice said it will produce documents related to Jeffrey Epstein's case to bipartisan House investigators this week, James Comer said.     Bill Barr appeared before House Oversight Committee investigators as part of its probe into the federal government's handling of Jeffrey Epstein case.     Louisiana redistricting map blocked by appeals court for diluting Black votes while Supreme Court considers broader case on race-conscious congressional district drawing.     House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer, R-Ky., subpoenaed former Attorney General Bill Barr and other former officials, including the Clintons, for testimony in the House's Jeffrey Epstein investigation.     San Francisco political commentator Richie Greenberg dissects California Gov. Gavin Newsom's redistricting map on 'Fox Report.'
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he believes Trump's claim is true that the war in Ukraine would not have even begun if he were president instead of Joe Biden when it started.     A leaked map by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Commission reveals California's redistricting plans after Governor Gavin Newsom pledged to “END THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY."     Congressional redistricting battle intensifies as California vows to counter Texas GOP maps while Democratic lawmakers end their walkout protest.     Former Delaware Gov. Mike Castle, who also served the state in Congress and made a bid for then-Vice President Joe Biden's Senate seat, died Thursday. He was 86.     Once a fiery, unyielding voice for the nation's capital, Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C., is now largely silent as Washington faces its gravest self-rule test in decades.     Frank Bisignano responds to concerns about Trump social security reforms, highlighting a number of operational statistics he says proves the program is doing better under Trump.     Rep. Andy Ogles, R-Tenn., plans to introduce a resolution to remove the 30-day limit on President Donald Trump's control of Washington D.C.'s police force and allow for indefinite federal oversight.     'The Story' panelists discuss the gerrymandering issues across the country and California Governor Gavin Newsom mimicking President Donald Trump's social media habits.     President Trump attacks Elizabeth Warren as a "liar and a mean person" while defending his Social Security record at 90th anniversary celebration.     Democratic Gov. Newsom teams with congressional leaders to unveil strategy against GOP efforts to create Republican-friendly districts in multiple states.     President Trump defends Social Security program achievements amid Democratic criticism, highlighting zero taxes for most seniors and improved customer service     Democratic lawmakers from the Texas and Indiana legislatures slammed Republican redistricting efforts before the 2026 midterm elections. (Texas Democrats)     President Donald Trump doubted much would come from potential talks with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries ahead of the government funding deadline.     The National Republican Congressional committee is hitting vulnerable House Democrats with a new ad claiming their policies are out of step with American voters.     In response to a post on X by former President Barack Obama, Republican Rep. Eli Crane told the Democrat, "Probably best to sit this one out"     House Oversight Committee Chair Rep. James Comer, R-Ky., weighs in on former FBI director James Comey reportedly leaking classified information to the NYTimes and the latest in the Biden autopen investigation on 'Hannity.'     Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Peach State Republican and ardent Trump supporter, spoke with Fox News Digital about why she's feeling "extremely frustrated."     Former NBC host Chuck Todd argued that America is heading towards a "cold civil war" on "The Chuck Toddcast" on Tuesday as redistricting battles in states like Texas and California continue.     The National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee is mocking its Democratic counterpart for advancing “wildly unpopular" policy proposals as part of their “Project 2026" goals.     Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., calls out how 'radical' today's Democratic Party is as they 'fawn' over Democratic socialist Zohran Mamdani on 'Hannity.'     Former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy weighs in on Texas Democrats fleeing the state to avoid voting on redistricting on 'The Ingraham Angle.'     California allegedly continues enforcing EV mandates despite Congressional Review Act nullifying Biden-era waivers, prompting House committee investigation.     House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer lauded President Donald Trump's decision to take over the Washington, D.C., police and demanded that Mayor Muriel Bowser testify when lawmakers return.     House Freedom Caucus members and deficit hawks requested federal funding for infrastructure, clean water and veterans projects, totaling millions.     Veteran trucker describes fleeing California due to AB 5 restrictions and supports Rep. Kiley's legislation to restore independent contractor freedoms across America
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.