NASCAR News, Race Results & Analysis | Fox News Auto | Fox News
Nascar      With 16 spots up for grabs in the Cup Series playoffs and just one regular-season race remaining, the battle for the final berths is on.     Austin Dillon's redemption at Richmond was the storybook ending the driver needed, and it was an entire year in the making.     Check out this article for all you need to know about NASCAR Cup Series' Cook Out 400 including date, time, drivers, and more.     FOX Sports NASCAR Analyst Jamie McMurray shared a deep regret about his career: "My biggest regret in racing is not enjoying it."     Check out the 2025 NASCAR Richmond qualifying order for Cook Out 400       Denny Hamlin is first on the board for the Cook Out 400, but another driver is closing in. Check out the early odds for NASCAR's race at Richmond.     NASCAR driver Natalie Decker discusses motherhood and her upcoming return to the racetrack on ‘Fox & Friends.’     NASCAR Xfinity Series star Connor Zilisch was able to get a good laugh as he posted a photo of his ironic wristband while he was in the hospital.     Get the 2025 NASCAR Richmond entry list featuring confirmed drivers, teams, and open entries.     Check the latest 2025 NASCAR Playoff standings and playoff picture following Watkin's Glen. Who's in, who's on the cut line, and what it all means.     A NASCAR Xfinity Series race saw a massive crash occur at Watkins Glen International on Saturday featuring Austin Hill, Michael McDowell and others.     NASCAR Xfinity Series driver Connor Zilisch took a hard fall as he celebrated a win at Watkins Glen on Saturday and suffered a broken collarbone.     Shane van Gisbergen has been hot at road courses this season, and he's the heavy favorite for Watkins Glen. Check out the odds for the entire field.     Shane van Gisbergen has earned a multi-year extension with Trackhouse Racing after making the NASCAR playoffs as a rookie.     Check out this article for all you need to know about NASCAR Cup Series' Go Bowling at The Glen including date, time, drivers, and more.     Check out the 2025 NASCAR Watkins Glen qualifying order for Go Bowling at The Glen.     NASCAR driver joins 'Fox & Friends First' to discuss honoring the late wrestling legend with his Real American Beer car.     Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will pay tribute to Hulk Hogan, the late professional wrestling legend, during this weekend's NASCAR race in Watkins Glen International.     Who's got next in the NASCAR Cup Series? Keep an eye on these hopefuls trying to race their way to the top.     William Byron was in a drought following the Daytona 500 before breaking through Sunday at Iowa. Did the win propel him to No. 1 in the rankings?     Get the 2025 NASCAR Watkins Glen entry list featuring confirmed drivers, teams, and open entries.     Kyle Larson is the favorite for today's NASCAR Cup Series race at Iowa, but Ryan Blaney is a close second. Check out the latest odds.     Check out this article for all you need to know about NASCAR Cup Series' Iowa Corn 350 including date, time, drivers, and more.     Bubba Wallace's championship futures surged up the board after his historic win at the Brickyard. Check out the latest NASCAR title odds.     After a 100-race winless streak, Bubba Wallace got into victory lane at the Brickyard. Now, it's time to start believing.     Austin Hill got a one-race suspension for wrecking Aric Almirola, and Almirola says the hit was one of the biggest of his entire NASCAR career.     Get the 2025 NASCAR Iowa entry list featuring confirmed drivers, teams, and open entries.     NASCAR Truck Series driver Stewart Friesen suffered some injuries after he was involved in a scary and fiery wreck during a Super DIRTcar Series race.     Bubba Wallace's big win at the Brickyard shook up the power rankings. Let's take a look at where drivers stand after Indy.     Check the latest 2025 NASCAR Playoff standings and playoff picture following the Indy race. Who's in, who's on the cut line, and what it all means.
NASCAR: What to know
The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, better known as NASCAR, hosts popular events throughout the year filled with excitement and thrill.
NASCAR, headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida,  holds three different national series. NASCAR races primarily take place in the United States, though there have been races in international locations.
The most popular NASCAR series is the Cup Series, which began in 1949. Cup Series races occur all around the U.S. and are typically held on Sundays. There are 26 races in the regular season before the playoffs kick off. The coveted Daytona 500  is part of the NASCAR Cup Series.
The NASCAR Xfinity Series races are typically held on Saturdays and also have 26 races in the regular season. The third NASCAR national series is the Craftsman Truck Series, which began in 1995.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.