Global Economy | Fox News
Global Economy      Fox News senior correspondent Jonathan Serrie provides the latest on an illegal immigrant accused of causing a fatal crash on a Florida highway.     A procession of honor for two Tremonton Police Officers who were killed overnight arrives at the Office of the Medical Examiner in Salt Lake City. (Obtained by Fox News Digital)     The Joint Economic Committee Minority finds that if economic uncertainty in the U.S. continues as it has over recent months, it could reduce manufacturing investment growth by an average of 13% per year, amounting to approximately $490 billion by 2029.     Fox News correspondent CB Cotton reports on a Brooklyn nightclub shooting that left three dead, as mayoral candidates face growing pressure to crack down on city violence.     'Fox & Friends' hosts react to viral video of an illegal immigrant making an illegal u-turn, allegedly causing a deadly crash.
Fox News correspondent Christina Coleman reports on the Idaho Department of Correction launching an investigation into a new video that allegedly shows convicted killer Bryan Kohberger walking inside his prison cell.     Fox News senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram has the latest on lawmakers’ reactions to President Donald Trump’s decision to federalize the D.C. police force on ‘Fox News Live.’     Speaking with reporters at a canvass launch event in Prospect Park, Brooklyn, NYC Democratic mayoral candidate, Zohran Mamdani, called the shooting "another example of the scourge of gun violence" in New York City.     Fox News contributor Richard Fowler and the Washington Examiner's Sarah Bedford join ‘MediaBuzz’ to discuss President Donald Trump’s move to federalize the police, deploy the National Guard and possibly expand the effort to other cities.     Former Vice President Mike Pence said he "welcomed" President Donald Trump's actions to combat crime in Washington, D.C., during an interview on CNN, Sunday.     MSNBC "The Weekend" co-host Jonathan Capehart mocked conversations where people express concern about crime in Washington, D.C., after Donald Trump's crime crackdown.     Fox News' Rebekah Castor reports the latest on Ohio, West Virginia and South Carolina deploying National Guard troops to Washington, D.C.     A mass shooting inside Brooklyn’s Taste of the City lounge left at least 3 dead and several wounded as chaos erupted early Sunday. (NYPD)     Four masked robbers made off with millions in jewelry in a West Seattle store robbery that tool less than two minutes on Thursday. (Menashe & Sons Jewelers)     The Heritage Foundation's Victoria Coates weighs in on whether a ceasefire is in the cards of the Trump administration's peace negotiations with Russia and Ukraine on 'Fox Report.'     Rep. Claudia Tenney, R-N.Y., joins ‘Fox News Live’ to discuss President Donald Trump’s crackdown on crime in the nation’s capital.      Former LA County Sheriff Alex Villanueva and Chicago Alderman Raymond Lopez discuss California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s comments alleging that President Donald is an authoritarian and more on ‘Fox News Live.’     White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy Stephen Miller joins ‘Fox News Live’ to discuss the Trump administration’s crackdown on crime in Washington, D.C., and provide an update on peace talks between Russia and Ukraine.      ICE Deputy Director Madison Sheahan and DC Police Union Chairman Greggory Pemberton discuss President Donald Trump’s federal takeover of the D.C. police force and more on ‘Fox News Live.’     Former Acting ICE Director Jonathan Fahey joins ‘Fox News Live’ to discuss Attorney General Pam Bondi’s deadline for sanctuary cities to comply with federal immigration laws.     The ‘Fox & Friends Weekend’ co-hosts discuss the Trump administration’s crackdown on crime in Washington, D.C., and Attorney General Pam Bondi’s announcement on the latest string of arrests.     Minneapolis resident Tyler Kotlowski discusses his experiences with crime in his neighborhood on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’     A 'Fox News @ Night' panel discusses Chicago's crime statistics and reacts to Jussie Smollet's remarks towards the city's police and Rahm Emanuel.      The body of a missing 15-year-old boy was recovered in a Detroit cemetery, prompting a homicide investigation. (WJBK)     Washington Examiner reporter Anna Giaritelli joins ‘America Reports’ to discuss surviving sexual assault in Washington, D.C., and President Donald Trump’s crackdown on crime in the nation's capital.     Fox News chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel has the latest on efforts to stop illegal immigration on 'The Faulkner Focus.'     Police bodycam footage captures South Carolina Democratic gubernatorial candidate William Mullins McLeod yelling from the back of a patrol car during his May arrest in Charleston (Credit: Charleston Police Department)     Justice correspondent David Spunt joins 'America's Newsroom' to discuss the Washington, D.C. Attorney General’s effort to block President Donald Trump’s federal takeover of local police. 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Shannon Bream also weighs in.     Fox News contributors Joshua Ritter and Donna Rotunno weigh in on the latest in the death of fashion designer Martha Nolan on a New York yacht as well as new evidence revealed in the Idaho students murders case against killer Bryan Kohberger.     Forensic psychologist Dr. John Delatorre joins 'Fox & Friends First' to discuss the case of swimwear designer Martha Nolan-O'Slatarra's mysterious death on a yacht in Montauk, N.Y.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.