UFC | Fox News
UFC      Ivanka Trump helps facilitate White House UFC fight planned for July 2026 as part of America250 celebrations marking the nation's semiquincentennial.     A thought appears to be becoming a reality, as Dana White said fights on the White House lawn are "absolutely going to happen" next year.     Former UFC fighter Ben Askren says he found faith after undergoing a double lung transplant last month. The 40-year-old said he felt called to his faith after waking from a coma.     Conor McGregor shared a petition to get on Ireland’s presidential ballot, calling for electoral reform and urging citizens to support his candidacy.     UFC President and CEO Dana White remembered WWE icon Hulk Hogan after the legendary pro wrestler's death at the age of 71 Thursday morning.
Ben Askren, former Olympic wrestler and UFC fighter, shared an update after his hospital discharge after pneumonia that required a double-lung transplant.     Shane Gillis' ESPY Awards monologue featured roast-style jokes about sports figures including Bill Belichick's girlfriend, President Donald Trump, and an O.J. Simpson reference.     Dana White revealed that Jon Jones is back in the drug-testing pool for a potential White House fight, and Conor McGregor "could be" joining.     Social media star-turned pro boxer Jake Paul showed respect for former opponent Ben Askren as the former UFC star fights a health crisis. The two fought in 2021.     Former UFC star Ben Askren opened up about his terrifying health ordeal from his hospital bed on Tuesday, posting a video about the details behind his battle.     The former UFC champion was airlifted to a Kansas City burn center after he sustained serious injuries in a crash as he geared up for his first NHRA racing event.     Former UFC champion Conor McGregor appeared eager to participate in the White House UFC event announced by President Trump on Thursday.     President Donald Trump reveals plans for a UFC championship fight at the White House during America's 250th birthday, continuing his close relationship with Dana White.     Ben Askren, a former UFC fighter and Olympic wrestler, underwent a double lung transplant following time on life support due to a severe pneumonia case.     Will Ilia Topuria defeat Charles Oliveira in UFC 317 for the vacant lightweight belt? Here are the latest odds.     Georges St. Pierre said he was hoping that Conor McGregor, "the biggest name" in the history of mixed martial arts, makes his return to the Octagon.     UFC star Sean Strickland was critical of President Donald Trump's decision to strike Iran and wondered how the bombings would help the average American.     Former UFC heavyweight champion Jon "Bones" Jones, who recently announced his retirement, is accused of fleeing the scene of a February car accident involving an intoxicated woman.     MMA legend Jon Jones retires from UFC as announced by Dana White, ending his career after defending his title against Stipe Miocic.     Sean Strickland voiced opposition to US involvement in Israel-Iran war on, challenging Trump's stance despite being a previous supporter of the president     Amy Askren, the wife of former UFC fighter and Olympian Ben, said that doctors are considering a lung transplant for her husband, who remains on a ventilator.     UFC star Kayla Harrison reflects on celebrating her Women's Bantamweight Championship win with President Trump, calling it a surreal moment to compete in front of America's leader.     UFC star Kayla Harrison won her first championship with the organization when she made Julianna Peña submit at UFC 316. She celebrated with President Donald Trump.     UFC fans share what they think about President Donald Trump ahead of his appearance at the highly-anticipated match between Merab Dvalishvili and Sean O'Malley.     Former mixed martial arts star Ben Askren was in the hospital battling a severe illness, his wife said in a post on Facebook over the weekend.     President Donald Trump was greeted by a raucous Newark, New Jersey, crowd as he walked into UFC 316 on Saturday night as his social media feud with Elon Musk continues.     UFC legend Khabib Nurmagomedov, who is a devout Muslim, was in the middle of an awkward moment with CBS Sports broadcaster Kate Scott on Saturday.     UFC flyweight competitor Erin Blanchfield slammed Maycee Barber after her opponent pulled out of the fight at the last moment due to a reported medical issue.     Jack Della Maddalena defeated Belal Muhammad for the UFC Welterweight Championship at UFC 315 over the weekend. Dana White revealed the extent of Muhammad's injuries.     Sedriques Dumas is back in jail after the UFC Fighter was arrested in Florida on Monday. He is facing several charges as he remains in custody on a $558,500 bond.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.