Terrorism | Fox News
Terrorism
Terrorist attacks can happen on an international or domestic scale. International terrorism is defined as “violent, criminal acts committed by individuals and/or groups who are inspired by, or associated with, designated foreign terrorist organizations or nations (state-sponsored),” according to FBI.gov.
Domestic terrorism is defined as “violent, criminal acts committed by individuals and/or groups to further ideological goals stemming from domestic influences, such as those of a political, religious, social, racial, or environmental nature,” per the source. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)  is the primary agency that is responsible for both investigating and preventing terrorism on an international and domestic level.
Al-Qaeda, ISIS, Hamas and the Taliban are all examples of groups the U.S. government has named foreign terrorist organizations.
A tragic day in American history occurred on September 11, 2001,  when the Twin Towers in New York City collapsed after being struck by commercial airplanes. A plane also crashed into the Pentagon, and a fourth crashed in Pennsylvania. This terrorist attack was orchestrated by Al-Qaeda, which was led by Osama bin Laden. Bin Laden was killed by Navy SEALs in May 2011 when Barack Obama was Commander-in-Chief.
President Donald Trump said the remaining hostages will only return once Hamas is "confronted and destroyed" as Israel plans to expand its Gaza offensive.     U.S. special envoy to Lebanon to discuss potential ceasefire agreement with Israel after Beirut endorses plan to disarm Hezbollah terrorist group.     Israeli actress Gal Gadot embraces hostage families at Tel Aviv square, meeting with wives and mothers of those abducted during the Oct. 7 Hamas attack.     Gal Gadot hugs Lishay Miran-Lavi, wife of abducted Israeli father Omri Miran, at Hostages Square in Tel Aviv on Aug. 17, 2024. (Hostages and Missing Families Forum)     As Israel expands operations in the enclave, Gazans increasingly voice defiance against Hamas, with dissenters risking their lives to demand freedom from the group’s grip.
A whistleblower claims World Food Programme and U.N. agencies rejected Israeli security assistance, blocking aid distribution to Gaza despite available supplies as U.N. dismisses accusations.     U.S. Attorney General Pam Bondi demands an end to Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro’s ‘reign of terror’ in an exclusive interview with Fox Noticias.     Digital antisemitism spreads through social media algorithms targeting younger generations, prompting TalkIsrael to create authentic content countering misinformation.     State Department offers $5 million reward for arrest of Haitian gang leader Jimmy 'Barbecue' Chérizier as he faces federal conspiracy charges.     Israeli forces kill Al Jazeera journalist Anas Al-Sharif in Gaza City airstrike, claiming he led a Hamas terrorist cell while posing as a reporter.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.