Judiciary News, Articles & Updates | Fox News | Fox News
Judiciary      Federal judge Matthew Brann will decide this week if Trump appointee Alina Habba can legally serve as acting U.S. attorney in New Jersey after bypassing Senate confirmation.     Louisiana redistricting map blocked by appeals court for diluting Black votes while Supreme Court considers broader case on race-conscious congressional district drawing.     Fox News Digital exclusively obtained a letter to Trump's Department of Justice calling for an investigation to an alleged campaign to influence judges.     Private bail industry defends secured bail as a right that ensures court appearances without taxpayer costs. Reforms would also expand bureaucracy     ‘The Big Weekend Show’ co-hosts discuss Gov. Youngkin ordering a state police probe into Fairfax County schools after staff allegedly helped students obtain abortions in 2021.
Sen. Eric Schmitt, R-Mo., discusses his take on the Trump-Putin summit in Alaska and more on ‘Fox News Sunday.’     Scottish grandmother Rose Docherty's case was dismissed after her arrest for a sign offering conversation within 200 meters of Glasgow abortion facility.     A Florida man convicted of killing his estranged wife's sister and parents before setting their house on fire 35 years ago is set to be put to death next month.     Lawsuit challenges Trump's executive order federalizing D.C. police and Bondi's installation of DEA head as emergency police commissioner as unlawful.     Federal judge in Maryland blocks Education Department's threats to cut funding from schools that continued with DEI initiatives, ruling that it violated the law.     Louisiana’s attorney general announced a lawsuit against Roblox, alleging the widely-used online gaming platform is rife with child predators and harmful content.     Justices declined to block the Mississippi law, which blocks young people from accessing most major social media platforms and sites without parental consent.     Democratic Rep. Jasmine Crockett blasted The Heritage Foundation for using focus groups to influence public opinion on heartbeat bill legislation.     Pro-Trump legal group launches investigation into D.C. crime data following placement of police officer Michael Pulliam on administrative leave for alleged falsification.     Fox News contributor Jonathan Turley joins ‘America’s Newsroom’ to discuss Hunter Biden’s claims Jeffrey Epstein introduced President Trump and first lady Melania Trump. He also breaks down the DOJ's s charging of multiple cartel leaders.     Former Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis is petitioning the Supreme Court to overturn the Obergefell v. Hodges decision that legalized same-sex marriage nationwide.     Mat Staver, the attorney for former Kentucky County Clerk Kim Davis, speaks about petition for Supreme Court to overturn Obergefell v. Hodges decision.     A former Republican candidate was sentenced to 80 years behind bars for orchestrating drive-by shootings at the homes of Democratic officials following his election loss.     Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin has directed state police to probe claims that staff at a Fairfax County school arranged abortions for students without parental consent.     U.S. Attorney General Pam Bondi says President Donald Trump's order to crack down on crime in Washington, D.C. is 'crystal clear,' as critics claim the capital's crime is down.     Judge Thomas Cullen expresses skepticism over Trump administration's unusual lawsuit against all 15 Maryland federal judges that challenges their standing order that pauses deportations.     The decision is a victory for President Donald Trump, who moved to dismantle USAID and other foreign spending almost immediately after he was sworn in to his second White House term.     More than 20 Republican attorneys general are demanding that the Trump administration reinstate safety protocols for the abortion drug mifepristone.     A federal appeals court on Tuesday upheld Arkansas' first-in-the-nation law prohibiting doctors from providing gender transition medical treatment to minors.     President Donald Trump's D.C. police takeover could signal the end of home rule as administration asserts federal control over the nation's capital city and its law enforcement.     A federal appeals court struck down a preliminary injunction that limited the Department of Government Efficiency's access to Americans' data.     Climate Judiciary Project removes judge names and anonymizes testimonials on website after Fox News report exposed online forum between climate group and jurists.     Trump on Tuesday ramped up his pressure on Jerome Powell to cut interest rates, threatening to allow a lawsuit over the central bank’s $3.1 billion renovation project to move forward.     Fairfax County teacher Zenaida Perez says she warned school officials seven times about abortion allegations involving a social worker before district launched investigation     A fight between President Donald Trump and Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom over the National Guard's presence in California will come to a head in a three-day trial.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.