Sean 'Diddy' Combs | Fox News
PRISON PIPELINE            LEGAL REVIEW         DREAM TEAM         BAIL BLOCKED         VERDICT REACHED               Kid Cudi reluctantly testified in Sean "Diddy" Combs' sex trafficking and racketeering trial after receiving a subpoena, saying he "hated every minute" of the experience.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' legal team demanded his release from jail until his October sentencing, arguing his "swingers lifestyle" doesn't justify incarceration after sex trafficking acquittal.       Maurene Comey, a prosecutor who handled high-profile Diddy and Epstein cases, was fired by the Justice Department, and legal analysts offer divided opinions.       Federal prosecutor Maurene Comey has been abruptly removed from her Manhattan position after handling notable cases including those of 'Diddy,' Jeffrey Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell.       Celebrity legal wins for Diddy, Kevin Spacey and Johnny Depp show the #MeToo movement has become a 'wrecking ball' on the legal system as juries favor well-known defendants.       An alternate juror in Diddy's trial shared how the defense challenged key prosecution witnesses. The jury found the rapper guilty on two prostitution-related counts.       Judge set Diddy's sentencing hearing for Oct. 3 during a hearing Tuesday. The rapper now faces up to 20 years in prison after a jury convicted him on prostitution charges.       Diddy's judge sent a message by denying bail, according to OJ Simpson's lawyer. Robert Shapiro gave a prediction on the potential sentence the rapper could be facing.       Sean "Diddy" Combs reportedly received a standing ovation from inmates after being acquitted of racketeering and sex trafficking charges, though he remains jailed on prostitution counts.       Deadline executive editor Dominic Patten referenced former President Bill Clinton as evidence that the public can potentially forgive rapper Sean “Diddy" Combs.       Sean "Diddy" Combs acquitted of racketeering and sex trafficking charges but found guilty on two lesser charges, with legal expert Mark Geragos calling the jury's decision right.       Attorney Mark Geragos anticipates Sean "Diddy" Combs won't be in prison for long after the rapper was found guilty on prostitution charges but acquitted of sex trafficking.       High-profile attorneys Teny Geragos and Marc Agnifilo, dubbed the "dream team," secured Sean "Diddy" Combs' acquittal on sex trafficking charges after a federal trial.       Assistant U.S. Attorney Maurene Comey, prosecutor in Epstein and Maxwell cases, achieved partial success in Diddy's trial with convictions on two Mann Act violations.       Hollywood reacts to Sean "Diddy" Combs' verdict as jury finds him not guilty of racketeering and sex trafficking but guilty on prostitution charges.       Jurors in Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial began deliberating on Monday, June 30. The trial testimony took seven weeks and the jury heard from 34 prosecution witnesses.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial features testimony about alleged abuse, "freak-offs" and a $20 million settlement with Cassie Ventura as jury weighs sex trafficking charges.       Sean 'Diddy' Combs' trial jurors deadlocked on racketeering charge while reaching verdict on four counts, as experts explain the complexity of RICO charges in the sex crimes case.       Jurors in Diddy's sex trafficking and racketeering case reached a verdict 14 hours after seven weeks of trial testimony. If convicted, the "Last Night" rapper could face life in prison.       Sean 'Diddy' Combs' trial faces jury complications with notes sent to Judge Subramanian, as experts debate whether sequestering jurors could have prevented deliberation issues.       Sean "Diddy" Combs faces verdict from 12-person jury after prosecutors portrayed him as criminal enterprise leader, while defense argued government targeted the music mogul.       Diddy faced an uncertain verdict as his sex trafficking and racketeering trial concludes with experts divided on prosecution's case strength against the rapper's defense strategy.       Diddy's defense attorney delivered closing arguments in sex trafficking trial, claiming prosecutors brought a "fake trial" targeting the rapper's private sex life.       Kristina "KK" Khorram faces scrutiny in Diddy's sex trafficking trial after testimony revealed her alleged involvement in drug transportation and concealing assault evidence.       Closing arguments by the prosecution in Diddy's trial highlighted claims the rapper used power and fear to force women into sex acts, allegedly believing his fame put him above the law.       Prosecutors in Sean "Diddy" Combs' sex crimes trial streamlined charges by removing kidnapping, arson and sex trafficking allegations, which may affect a RICO conviction.       Prosecutors streamline the case against Sean "Diddy" Combs by removing attempted kidnapping, arson and aiding sex trafficking charges before trial's conclusion.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' defense rested without witnesses as prosecutors conclude with testimony from ex-girlfriend Cassie Ventura that could prove pivotal for conviction.       Prosecutors in Diddy's sex trafficking and racketeering trial finished their case against the rapper with the 34th witness, special agent Joseph Cerciello, on Tuesday.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' legal team decided not to call witnesses in his federal sex crimes trial, a strategy experts say hinges on reasonable doubt and avoiding potential damaging testimony.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' defense team will present evidence without witnesses in his federal sex crimes trial, while prosecutors showed jurors graphic "freak off" videos.       Sean "Diddy" Combs sex crimes trial nears conclusion as prosecution wraps up case after six weeks of testimony, with defense expected to rest by Wednesday.       R. Kelly's lawyer explained why not including A-list celebrity testimony was a strategic move by the prosecution in Diddy's trial. The government is set to rest their case on Monday.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' former assistant testifies about "intense" working conditions, allegedly using drugs to stay awake for days while ensuring the rapper was happy before FBI raids.       Brendan Paul, a key witness in Sean "Diddy" Combs' sex trafficking trial, took the stand after receiving immunity for testimony about allegedly supplying drugs to the disgraced mogul.       Sean Combs' federal trial has been paused due to juror illness. The move comes after Judge Arun Subramanian warned the defense and prosecution about violating the gag order.       Prosecutors in Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial plan to rest their case this week, and the defense reduced its timeline from two weeks to 2-5 days in the high-profile racketeering case.       Judge Arun Subramanian gave Diddy's defense and the prosecution a warning after the trial's gag order was violated. Juror issues plagued the trial going into the sixth week of testimony.       Legal experts discuss issues in Sean "Diddy" Combs' sex trafficking trial as one juror is dismissed and another faces scrutiny, with continued testimony from key witnesses.       Juror issues continue in Diddy's federal trial as second juror faces possible removal. Jury was also shown text messages revealing rapper's former chief of staff knew about alleged abuse.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' ex-girlfriend completed her testimony during the fifth week of the rapper's sex trafficking and racketeering trial. Jane's testimony featured bombshell claims.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial mentioned Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan and Shaq as nicknames used during alleged "hotel nights" while his ex-girlfriend detailed drug-fueled encounters.       A juror in Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial could end up being dismissed over residency discrepancies between voir dire statements and actual living arrangements.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' ex-girlfriend testifies that he forced her to have sex with an escort after a physical altercation, describing him as "evil" during her testimony in court.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' trial marked by controversy over juror issue as legal experts warn the situation could lead to severe problems, including a possible mistrial.       Jane, Sean "Diddy" Combs' ex, testified the rapper was seeing another woman during their relationship. She claimed the "hotel nights" were "emotionally excruciating."       Sean "Diddy" Combs' ex, "Jane," testified about sexual fantasies and drug use, while a legal expert suggested her claims may not support federal sex crimes case.       Sean 'Diddy' Combs' ex testified she received 'only trauma' from their relationship, and revealed concerns about his drug use and declining health during tense cross-examination.       Legal experts evaluate testimony from Diddy's ex, who claimed coercion and ongoing financial support, potentially corroborating allegations in sex crimes trial.       Sean "Diddy" Combs' legal team argued for mistrial, challenging testimony from Cassie's friend who claimed he dangled her off a balcony in September 2016.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.