United Nations | Fox News
United Nations      Fox News host Mark Levin lays out what is known of Russian President Vladimir Putin in light of his summit with President Donald Trump on 'Life, Liberty & Levin.'     A whistleblower claims World Food Programme and U.N. agencies rejected Israeli security assistance, blocking aid distribution to Gaza despite available supplies as U.N. dismisses accusations.     Critics fear a U.N. Security Council resolution authored by France could leave a current system in place in southern Lebanon despite years of failures to curb Hezbollah.     Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced the expansion of Israeli plans to temporarily take over Gaza beyond just Gaza City on Monday.     Tammy Bruce, a U.S. State Department spokesperson, has been nominated by President Donald Trump to become the next U.N. deputy representative.
Ilay David, brother of hostage Evyatar, spoke before the United Nations Security Council, calling for action and saying that Hamas is starving hostages and forcing them to dig their own graves.     Fox News was given an inside look at an aid site run by the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation as the organization faces fierce international backlash.     United Nations data reveals 87% of aid trucks entering Gaza since May 19 were looted by armed groups or civilians, sparking debate over responsibility for humanitarian crisis.     State Department report reveals U.S. seeks full dismantling of UNRWA, citing Hamas ties, Oct. 7 involvement and refusal to return funds. Fox News Digital obtained the unreleased assessment.     Canada plans to recognize a Palestinian state in September during a meeting of the United Nations, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney said.     Iran has more than doubled state executions in 2024 with at least 612 people killed compared to 297 in the same period last year, according to the U.N. Human Rights Office.     The Trump administration boycotts U.N. summit on Palestinian statehood co-sponsored by France and Saudi Arabia, as critics call the event a stumbling block to peace efforts in the Middle East.     The IDF plans to airdrop seven pallets of aid to Gaza Saturday, establishing humanitarian corridors as the U.N. warns of increased malnutrition in the region.     French President Emmanuel Macron shared a letter addressed to the leader of the Palestinian Authority on Thursday, citing a need for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.     Israel recalls negotiators from Doha after Hamas increases demands for prisoner exchanges, creating a setback in ceasefire talks aimed at releasing hostages and delivering aid to Gaza     International Court of Justice determines countries are responsible for corporate emissions and must cooperate to achieve concrete emission reduction targets.     President Pezeshkian declares Iran is 'fully prepared' for renewed conflict with Israel despite ongoing ceasefire, claiming U.S. strikes failed to eliminate Iran's nuclear capabilities.     Western call to end Gaza war draws Hamas praise and U.S. pushback, as claims over aid access intensify. U.S.-backed group delivering 85 million meals faces mounting international scrutiny.     Gaza Humanitarian Foundation Spokesperson Chapin Fay tells Fox News Digital about the organization's work and its outreach to one of its biggest critics — the U.N.     The Trump administration announced Tuesday that the U.S. would pull out of a United Nations agency over its "globalist, ideological agenda" and anti-Israel bias.     Iran schedules diplomatic meetings with Russia, China and European nations as the deadline approaches for a new nuclear deal to avoid the reimposition of U.N. Security Council sanctions.     Secretary Rubio and European foreign ministers set an August deadline for Iran's nuclear deal, which could trigger the snapback mechanism reimposing all U.N. sanctions.     Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns of further attacks against the U.S. and Israel despite degraded military program, though experts caution that Tehran's missile capabilities remain a threat.     New poll shows only 15% of voters trust Ivy League schools as Manhattan Institute calls for Trump to create a contract with universities demanding transparency.     Israel is calling out international organizations, including the United Nations, for decrying the situation in Gaza as "thousands of pallets" of aid remain undistributed.     Sen. Cory Booker attacked former national security advisor Mike Waltz for not taking greater accountability for his role in a Signal group chat used to discuss strikes against the Houthis.     Tehran issues warning against U.N. snapback sanctions amid concerns over its nuclear program, while expert warns that enforcing the U.N. mechanism could prompt Iran to exit non-proliferation treaty.     Trump's U.N. ambassador nominee Mike Waltz would focus on reforming ineffective peacekeeping missions, dismantling UNRWA and combating antisemitism at the United Nations.     Israel-Hamas ceasefire talks face challenges over aid distribution as tensions rise between the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation and U.N. regarding humanitarian assistance.     The U.S.-backed Gaza Humanitarian Foundation's aid distribution system faces opposition from Hamas and criticism from the U.N. and NGOs despite delivering millions of meals to Gazans.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.