Game Show News & Latest Updates | Fox News Entertainment | Fox News
Game Shows
Game shows are a form of television entertainment that both in-person and at-home audiences tune in to watch contestants win money and eccentric prizes like vacation getaways,  cars, and more.
"Wheel of Fortune," "Jeopardy!," "The Price is Right," "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?," and "Family Feud" are among some of the most popular game shows in U.S. history.
"Survivor" and "Temptation Island" are among the game shows where real people are cast into reality TV to compete for money.
Alex Trebek, Bob Barker, Pat Sajak, Regis Philbin, and Steve Harvey are among some of the most beloved game show hosts. Trebek hosted "Jeopardy!" for 37 seasons. Barker hosted "The Price is Right" from 1972 until 2007. Philbin hosted "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" from 1999 to 2002, and again in both 2004 and 2009. Harvey entertained audiences as the host of "Family Feud" from 2010 to 2016 and "Celebrity Family Feud."
"Jeopardy!" faced backlash over a confusing final clue about Oscar-winning James Bond movie songs, as one contestant struggled to identify Daniel Craig as the answer.     After sharing her car was recently totaled in an accident, contestant Antoinette wins a brand new 2025 Hyundai Elantra on "The Price Is Right."     During the May 19 episode of the beloved game show, the 50-year-old TV host took a tumble during the closing segment, igniting a wholesome response from co-host Vanna White.     With $50,000 on the line, contestants must separate real headlines from fake ones as Fox News host Greg Gutfeld presents dozens of scenarios to contestants who were in isolation for months.     Ken Jennings — who played against an AI supercomputer, Waston, over a decade ago on "Jeopardy!" — says new artificial intelligence models are even better.
"Jeopardy!" host Ken Jennings feels for the contestants on the long-running game show when they fail to answer clues correctly.     "Jeopardy!" fans pointed out a contestant's uncanny resemblance to a Jim Parsons' character in "The Big Bang Theory." Viewers called Liam Starnes a "real life Sheldon Cooper."     Wink Martindale, the legendary game show host, has died. He was 91 and surrounded by his family in Rancho Mirage Tuesday, April 15, when he died.     Longtime “Wheel of Fortune" co-host Vanna White shared her strict snack rules and what she likes to eat backstage on her game-show breaks.     Arkansas native Christanne narrowly avoided a fashion fail after she jumped up and down with excitement when she was called down to meet “The Price is Right" host Drew Carey.     "Wheel of Fortune" host Ryan Seacrest fell hard in front of co-host Vanna White on the game show stage. The moment was shared on social media.     "Jeopardy!" fans were in disbelief after all three contestants failed to correctly answer a final question about a character in "The Wizard of Oz" and "Wicked."     Pat Sajak, famously known for hosting "Wheel of Fortune" for more than four decades, was spotted at a Los Angeles Dodgers game with his family ahead of his return to "Celebrity Wheel of Fortune."     After stepping down from his hosting duties, Pat Sajak is preparing to take one "Final Spin" during a special run of "Celebrity Wheel of Fortune" in April.     During Wednesday's episode of "Jeopardy," three contestants were left stumped over a pop culture question regarding the late "Shaft" actor, Richard Roundtree.     Nikol, a recent contestant on "Wheel of Fortune," incorrectly solved a nearly complete puzzle during her episode with a guess that fans called "embarrassing."     Game show host Ryan Seacrest was put in a headlock by a "Wheel of Fortune" contestant who revealed he was a former professional wrestler.     Vanna White does not cook for her family. On the "Drew Barrymore Show," the game show host admitted that her son, Nikko, is a great cook, and her ex-husband, George, once owned a famous Italian restaurant in Los Angeles.     Passionate "Jeopardy!" fans were left outraged when all three contestants missed an "obvious" puzzle about the '80s classic show "Cheers."     Vanna White's daughter Gigi had the honor of giving her mom her first-ever tattoo, with the "Wheel of Fortune" star choosing a small pink heart.     "Wheel of Fortune" host Vanna White revealed that she only films the hit game show 34 days a year. However, she said that six episodes are taped per day.     Drew Carey said he sought to make "The Price is Right" his own after iconic host Bob Barker retired from the game show in 2007 after 35 years.     "Wheel of Fortune" host Ryan Seacrest had a questionable ruling which left passionate viewers fired up, as fans debated if the game show was being fair towards a player.     Comedian and actor Drew Carey opened up about how the murder of his former fiancée has affected his love life. Carey said her death "destroyed" him.     A "Jeopardy" contestant last week was embarrassed after he missed a clue about Celine Dion after he had said he would like to thank her during a Champions Wildcard Tournament.     "Wheel of Fortune" co-host Vanna White was left confused after learning that fansv had branded her son a "thirst trap" following his appearance in one of her Instagram videos last month.     "Wheel of Fortune" host Ryan Seacrest was tackled to the ground after an overzealous contestant showed how ecstatic he was with winning the bonus round.     The worst moment Ken Jennings has experienced as host of "Jeopardy!" involved former host Alex Trebek. Trebek helmed the beloved game show from 1984 until his death in 2020.     Rhea Mathew, a past contestant on "Wheel of Fortune," got a big surprise Thursday night when her boyfriend proposed during the game show with Ryan Seacrest and Vanna White's help.     During an interview with Fox News Digital, Ryan Seacrest opened up about his hopes for "Wheel of Fortune" in 2025.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.