Religion | Fox News
Religion      American-Israeli epigraphist interprets ancient inscriptions at Serabit el-Khadim that could be the oldest written mention of Moses, predating the Bible by centuries.     I saw an image of peace-giving in Chicago O’Hare. The airport atmosphere was anything but peaceful and there were thunderstorms overhead. There was a lot of grumbling. And I was, too.     Archaeologists recently uncovered a bronze coin inscribed 'For the Redemption of Zion' near Jerusalem's Temple Mount, created by Jewish rebels in the fourth year of their revolt against Rome.     Israeli archaeologists recently discovered the first Bronze Age blade factory found in southern Israel, showing evidence of complex Canaanite society 5,500 years ago.     DOJ antisemitism task force addresses rising campus hate and street violence against Jewish Americans while pushing for permanent safeguards under Trump administration
God sometimes calms the storm and other times calms the child, as shown through biblical stories of Moses, Jesus, and modern testimonies of finding peace amid trials.     The Temple Mount Sifting Project recently uncovered a well-preserved biblical-era clay sealing with ancient Hebrew letters and clear fingerprint from a King Josiah-era official.     A student at Columbia told Fox that a Mamdani victory may ‘inspire others’ to do ‘terrible things’ as the campus grapples with antisemitism.     The FBI is investigating an antisemitic attack in the St. Louis area targeting an American who served in the Israeli army. The victim's driveway was spray-painted with the words "death to the IDF."     Catholic Bishop Mark Brennan condemns President Donald Trump's mass deportation efforts while praising former President George W. Bush's immigration approaches in West Virginia.     A Catholic content creator orchestrated an epic pizza delivery, bringing Pope Leo XIV's favorite pie from a Chicago suburb to Vatican City despite several hurdles.     Madeline Daley, a Catholic social media coordinator from Cincinnati, Ohio, described to Fox News Digital how she managed to deliver a pie from Aurelio's Pizza to Pope Leo XIV — even after it briefly wound up in the trash.     Fox News contributor Jonathan Morris discusses the conclusion of the week-long Youth Jubilee event during 'Fox & Friends Weekend.'     Archaeologists in Turkey recently uncovered an inscription near the entrance of a fifth-century Christian church in ancient Olympus. It has a message not seen in over 1,000 years.     EWTN News' Vatican Correspondent Colm Flynn discusses the Catholic Church celebrating the last day of Youth Jubilee in Rome amid the religious resurgence in young Catholics on 'Fox & Friends Weekend.'      Cissie Graham Lynch urged Christians to resist growing threats to religious liberty in the U.S. and Europe, warning that silence and self-censorship have high costs.     Columbia University graduate Katie Aryeh explains why she is 'cautiously optimistic' about the institution's multi-million dollar deal with the Trump administration on 'Fox News Live.'     Long-tailed macaques at Indonesia's Uluwatu Temple demonstrate economic decision-making by targeting high-value items like smartphones over less valuable objects.     Sen. Josh Hawley and Rep. Riley Moore and other House Republicans push for congressional condemnation of the persecution of Christians in Muslim-majority nations.     The first American pope arrives at the papal summer retreat to work on his encyclical, with suggestions it should avoid politics and focus on religious liberty and vocations.     Roman Catholic clergy and the DOJ are pushing back against a state law slated to take effect this month, arguing it will infringe on the privacy of clergy's confessional duties.     Pope Leo XIV renewed his call for a ceasefire on Thursday after an apparent Israeli strike hit Gaza's only Catholic church, leaving two dead and several others, including the parish priest, injured.     New Yorkers are expressing skepticism after Democratic mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani appeared to try to distance himself from the phrase “globalize the intifada."     In his first week as head of President Donald Trump’s U.S. Office of Personnel Management, Scott Kupor issued new guidance to executive agency directors cracking down on religious discrimination.     Faith-based organizations are helping Texans heal spiritually as they cope with the aftermath of deadly floods.     A former Bath & Body Works store manager in Utah filed a complaint with the EEOC after she was allegedly fired after refusing to use a transgender co-worker's preferred pronouns.     Texas leaders across political lines urge prayer for flood victims as the state, ranked third most religious in the U.S., copes with devastating floods that have claimed at least 80 lives.     President Donald Trump has defended his use of the term "shylock" at a rally this week, saying he is unaware it is considered antisemitic by some people.     President Trump rallied faith leaders for the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and touted task force ending anti-Christian bias despite AT&T tech issues during the massive call.     The Dalai Lama announces succession plans ahead of 90th birthday, hinting the next Tibetan Buddhist leader should be chosen without China's interference.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.