Senate | Fox News
Senate      While Republicans praised President Trump's diplomatic efforts with Vladimir Putin, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle signaled a desire to impose sanctions on Moscow if peace talks faltered.     Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut claimed Trump's Alaksa meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin was "a failure" in an interview with NBC's "Meet the Press."     Sherrod Brown announces 2026 Senate bid in Ohio, targeting Republican Jon Husted's seat as Democrats work to regain chamber majority control     Kentucky Senate candidate Nate Morris joins 'Fox News Live' to discuss his fight for Sen. Mitch McConnell's seat, the latest on the redistricting feud and more.     Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., launched an investigation into Meta after reports revealed that the company greenlit internal policies that allowed AI chatbots to have "romantic" and "sensual" exchanges with children.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., threatened to sue the Trump administration for the release of Jeffrey Epstein files requested by Senate Democrats.     Senate Republicans are gearing up for the White House to send a D.C. Security Fund package, while Senate Democrats blast President Donald Trump's attempts to solidify his grip on Washington as a "power grab."     GOP Sen. Markwayne Mullin of Oklahoma said he does not wear a seat belt while driving in Washington D.C. due to the possibility of being carjacked     Sen. Markwayne Mullin, R-Okla., sounds the alarm on homicides and car thefts in Washington, D.C. as Democrats downplay the violence following President Trump's crime crackdown.     Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer vowed to fight “tooth and nail” to end President Donald Trump’s Trump’s control over D.C. police. (Credit: The Parnas Perspective)     President Donald Trump doubted much would come from potential talks with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries ahead of the government funding deadline.     Sen. John Cornyn requested the Justice Department investigate Beto O'Rourke and George Soros-linked groups for allegedly funding Texas Democrats' exodus from the state during redistricting.     Former Philadelphia Judge Patrick Dugan joins GOP ballot to run against incumbent DA Larry Krasner, citing failed crime policies and public safety concerns.     A Democratic whistleblower told the FBI that Adam Schiff approved leaking classified information to discredit Donald Trump, according to newly-released documents.     Republicans must stick together on spending packages while navigating Freedom Caucus demands and the mathematical reality of needing 60 Senate votes to avoid a shutdown.     Members of the House and Senate are on their August recess following marathon sessions and ongoing pressure to confirm President Trump's nominees.     Trump's massive spending bill faced GOP resistance over Medicaid cuts before Senate Republicans ultimately passed the legislation following marathon voting sessions.     ‘Fox News Live’ panelists Gianno Caldwell and Julian Epstein react to Texas’ redistricting battle.      Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., discusses the GOP’s plans for Senate rule changes to accelerate Trump confirmations on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’     Republican Scott Brown targets Chris Pappas in New Hampshire Senate campaign using NYC mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani's momentum on the far left.     Ken Paxton is challenging John Cornyn in a 2026 Texas Senate race, and a super PAC highlights the attorney general's role in a redistricting battle with fleeing Democrats.     Republican senators offered a mixed bag of responses when asked about the Trump administration's handling of the Epstein files controversy.     Republican senators offer mixed responses when asked about how they think the president and his administration are handling the Epstein files controversy. (Credit: Nicholas Ballasy for Fox News Digital)     Sen. Eric Schmitt was one of the first senators to support President Donald Trump during his reelection campaign and now acts as a de facto bridge between the White House and Senate.     Sen. Tim Scott's new book outlines the importance of keeping faith and how it may restore some of the divisiveness that strains the U.S.     Sen. Bill Cassidy spoke out against HHS winding down mRNA vaccine development activity, asserting the move undermines the president's agenda     FBI agrees to help Texas locate Democratic lawmakers who fled state to block GOP redistricting vote after Sen. John Cornyn's request to Director Kash Patel.     Gov. Josh Shapiro joined a lawsuit against President Donald Trump's ban on transgender surgeries for minors while criticizing a GOP bill restricting biological males in girls sports.     Holly, victim of Cincinnati mob attack, joins Senator Moreno to advocate for justice reform legislation aimed at preventing repeat offender crimes.     Senate Republicans acknowledged their messaging struggles over the "big, beautiful bill," as Democrats have labeled it a "big, ugly betrayal" and polls show stiff opposition to President Donald Trump's legislative agenda.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.