Conflicts News, Articles & Updates | Fox News | Fox News
Conflicts      Former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine William Taylor discusses the impact of President Donald Trump's meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House on 'The Story.'     Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo discusses the impact of the commander-in-chief's meeting with world leaders on 'The Story.'     Gen. Jack Keane, Ret. 4-star Army general, explains why Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine and what his objectives are on 'America Reports.'     German Chancellor Friedrich Merz issued an impassioned call for an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine during the multilateral White House meeting with European leaders.     President Donald Trump said during a meeting with President Volodomyr Zelenskyy that a ceasefire is not necessary to end the Russia–Ukraine war, citing previous peace deals.
President Donald Trump criticizes getting the 'worst publicity' from American media as he discusses his foreign policy in the Oval Office.     Ukraine suffers deadly Russian drone attacks on Kharkiv and Zaporizhzhia during Zelenskyy's Washington visit, with children among the reported casualties.     President Donald Trump said Monday that his meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy isn't the last attempt to secure a peace deal.     Fox News senior White House correspondent Peter Doocy questions President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office about both sides of peace negotiations.     President Donald Trump said a ceasefire agreement is not necessary when pressed about his administration's efforts to end the war between Russia and Ukraine during a high-stakes meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Monday.     Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy arrived to the White House for his high-stakes meeting with President Donald Trump wearing more formal attire than his typical relaxed wardrobe.     EU maintains economic pressure on Russia with upcoming sanctions package while Ukrainian President Zelenskyy seeks Western support for Ukraine at White House meeting.     The Gaza Humanitarian Foundation launched a new pilot program aiming to bring more "dignity and order" to aid distribution by reserving parcels in advance.     Fox News' Jacqui Heinrich reports the latest on Ukraine peace talks ahead of President Donald Trump's White House meeting. National security analyst Rebeccah Heinrichs also weighs in on the latest peace negotiations during 'America's Newsroom.'     U.S. special envoy to Lebanon to discuss potential ceasefire agreement with Israel after Beirut endorses plan to disarm Hezbollah terrorist group.     Ukrainian President Zelenskyy's White House meeting with Trump could set stage for trilateral summit as Ukraine rejects any peace deal undermining its sovereignty with Russia.     President Trump blasted Democrat Sen. Chris Murphy, of Connecticut, as a "lightweight," calling the lawmaker "unattractive" and "stupid," after he criticized the Trump-Putin summit.     Fox News contributor Joe Concha joins 'Fox & Friends First' to discuss Secretary of State Marco Rubio's fiery exchange on CBS and James Comey's latest jab targeting President Donald Trump.      Gen. Jack Keane (Ret.) explains the positive takeaways from the Trump-Putin Summit on 'One Nation.'     Ukraine's Zelenskyy rejects proposals related to territorial concessions to Russia ahead of crucial White House meeting with President Donald Trump and key European allies.     National security and military analyst Rebecca Grant joins 'Fox & Friends First' to discuss possible security guarantees for Ukraine amid Russian peace talks, Putin's demands and more.     Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy confirms Washington, D.C. arrival ahead of meeting with President Trump and European leaders to force Russia into peace agreement.     European leaders including Macron, Starmer and von der Leyen will meet with Trump and Zelenskyy in Washington following Trump's summit with Putin.     Hudson Institute senior fellow Rebeccah Heinrichs explains what Russian President Vladimir Putin's ultimate goals are beyond defeating Ukraine in the war on 'Life, Liberty & Levin'     Fashion designer Elvira Gasanova says Zelenskyy will likely choose military-style clothing for his upcoming meeting with President Trump in Washington.     'The Big Weekend Show' panelists discuss the Far Left's reaction to the Trump-Putin meeting.     Trump hosted Putin in Alaska summit on Ukraine war but failed to secure ceasefire, though both sides reported progress and planned future meetings     Ret. U.S. Army Maj. Gen. Dana Pittard discusses the possibility of peace between Russia and Ukraine and how it could be obtained on 'Fox Report.'      The ‘MediaBuzz’ panel discusses President Donald Trump’s defense of his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin.     Russian opposition politician Vladimir Kara-Murza predicts Russian President Vladimir Putin’s next move after his summit with President Donald Trump in Alaska and more on ‘Fox News Live.’
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.