Royal Families | Fox News
Royal Families
The British Royal Family is a term used to describe relatives of the sovereign monarch of the United Kingdom and 14 other Commonwealth realms. The current British sovereign is King Charles III, ascending to the throne after the death of his mother,Queen Elizabeth II. The late Her Majesty ruled for over 70 years, making her Britain's longest-reining monarch.
The House of Windsor is the name of the official ruling family, succeeding the House of Hanover once ruled by Queen Victoria. Originally, the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ruled instead, but the name was changed under the rule of King George V during World War I to Windsor in order to avoid anti-German sentiment. Since George V, four other monarchs under the Windsor name have ruled, including Edward VIII, George VI, Elizabeth II, and Charles III.
Overall, the royal family engages in public ceremonies and events as well as charitable activities. British royals are considered cultural icons and stars in their own right within the UK. Weddings and funerals of close relatives of the monarch have received worldwide attention. Active members of the royal family include the king, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William of Wales, Princess Catherine of Wales, Princess Anne, Prince Edward, and Sophie. Other members of the royal family who do not as senior rank include Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, his wife Birgitte, Prince Edward, and Princess Alexandra. The first royal members to succeed the king include Prince William and Prince George of Wales.
Prince Harry Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, left their roles as senior members of the royal family in March 2020. Moreover, the pair sat down for an interview with television host Oprah Winfrey alleging a senior member of the family made a racial comment about their baby Archie.
Sponsored Message
Sponsored Message
SPONSORED
by St Jude Childrens Research Hospital
Commit to the cure with a monthly gift.
For moms like Sullie's, a 80% cure rate isn't good enough. Commit to their cure with a monthly gift of $19 or more, and we'll send you this T-shirt.
Donate Monthly
Prince William and Kate Middleton's move to Forest Lodge in Windsor Great Park reportedly prompted two nearby families to relocate from their cottages for security reasons.     New biography reveals claims that Prince Andrew mocked royal household staff and used his position of power to humiliate employees and guests at events.     Royal expert Andrew Lownie tells Fox News Digital that there are 'countless stories' of Prince Andrew humiliating people, including royal staffers and former classmates.     Queen Elizabeth II's wardrobe will take center stage in a comprehensive Buckingham Palace exhibition featuring over 200 items spanning her life from childhood to monarchy.     New Prince Andrew biography by Andrew Lownie, "Entitled: The Rise and Fall of the House of York," exposes alleged womanizing, strange indulgences, staff outbursts and questionable business practices.
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry extend Netflix partnership with multi-year first-look deal through Archewell Productions, though experts suggest a downward trend.     Charity Commission investigation finds no evidence of systemic bullying at Prince Harry's Sentebale charity. However, it criticizes public dispute handling.     Appeals court revives dismissed lawsuit between Meghan Markle and half-sister Samantha Markle over defamation claims, with oral argument scheduled in September.     Prince Andrew reportedly wins dispute with King Charles III over Royal Lodge eviction attempt, but faces millions in annual upkeep costs for the 30-room mansion.     Meghan Markle is celebrating her 44th birthday, and royal experts revealed she's quietly negotiating with Netflix to extend her partnership beyond the expiring deal.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.