NHL | Fox News
.
Sponsored Message
Sponsored Message
SPONSORED
by Disney+
Stream Now
Bundle Disney+ and Hulu to stream the unforgettable origin story.
Sign Up
NHL      Nearly one year after Johnny and Matthew Gaudreau were killed by an alleged drunk driver, their widows speak about final goodbyes and raising children without fathers.     A brown bear charged the Seattle Kraken's mascot, Buoy, and forward John Hayden during a promotional fly-fishing trip in Alaska in June.     Five members of the 2018 Team Canada World Juniors team were acquitted in a sexual assault case after a judge said there was not substantial evidence.     Edmonton Oilers teammates Connor McDavid and Leon Draisaitl made a surprise appearance at a beer league hockey game near McDavid's hometown, failing to score any goals.     Aleksander Barkov struggled to find motivation after winning his first Stanley Cup - but with a chance to threepeat, he's already counting down to next season.
After a 12-year absence, NHL players will compete in the 2026 and 2030 Olympic Games as part of a new agreement between hockey's governing bodies.     Vegas Golden Knights defenseman Alex Pietrangelo revealed he was advised to "remove the intensity of hockey" from his life as he deals with a serious injury.     The Toronto Maple Leafs sent Mitch Marner to the Vegas Golden Knights in a stunning sign-and-trade deal before NHL free agency begins on Tuesday.     Brad Marchand, who helped the Florida Panthers win back-to-back Stanley Cups, could potentially return to his original team, the Boston Bruins, who shockingly traded him last season.     The Islanders took defenseman Matthew Schaefer as the No. 1 pick in the 2025 NHL draft, making him the fifth defenseman drafted first overall since 2000.     This week’s best and worst from Kyle Peterson, Jason Riley, and Kim Strassel     Florida Panthers forward Sam Reinhart discussed winning a second consecutive Stanley Cup and whether they're becoming a hockey dynasty after defeating the Oilers again.     The Pittsburgh Penguins drafted Guido Tenesi in the 1973 NHL amateur draft. He is remembered fondly by fellow castmates as "forever a Chief." Tenesi was 71.     After the Florida Panthers won their second Stanley Cup in a row with a 5-1 victory over the Oilers, captain Aleksander Barkov took the trophy home and surprised neighbors early morning.     Sam Bennett's 15 goals throughout the Stanley Cup Playoffs earned him the Conn Smythe Trophy as the Panthers defeated the Oilers in Game 6 to win consecutive Stanley Cup titles.     Sam Reinhart poured in four goals as the Florida Panthers took down the Edmonton Oilers to once again be crowned Stanley Cup champions, this time doing so in six games.     We have a repeat of the Stanley Cup Finals — and it's about as back and forth as can be. Check out the latest odds.     Florida moves to brink of Stanley Cup championship with 5-2 win against Edmonton, shutting down McDavid and the Oilers' power play in pivotal Game 5     THe Edmonton Oilers tied Stanley Cup Finals at 2-2 with overtime win, overcoming 3-0 deficit as Leon Draisaitl nets record-breaking OT winner.     Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift stepped out and attended Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Florida Panthers and Edmonton Oilers on Thursday night.     Edmonton Oilers defenseman Jake Walman was docked $10,000 for his involvement in the Gam 3 brawl against the Florida Panthers, including punching Matthew Tkachuk.     Team USA star and Washington Capitals icon T.J. Oshie announced his retirement in front of a crowd of fans on Monday.     Matthew Tkachuk is no stranger to getting into fights on the biggest stage of his sport. He knew exactly how to handle if, and when, hits would come to blows.     Panthers take commanding 2-1 Stanley Cup Final lead with 6-1 victory over Oilers in Game 3 marked by a third-period brawl, multiple ejections, and historic scoring from Brad Marchand.     Brad Marchand scored two goals, including the double-overtime winner for the Florida Panthers, to even up the Stanley Cup Final against the Edmonton Oilers.     Connor McDavid led the Edmonton Oilers to a comeback victory in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final, and Wayne Gretzky says he is "the best player in hockey."     Leon Draisaitl's second goal of Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final was the overtime winner for the Edmonton Oilers, who take a 1-0 lead over the Florida Panthers in this rematch.     The Edmonton Oilers are looking for revenge against the Florida Panthers in this year's Stanley Cup Final after a heartbreaking loss to them in Game 7 last year.     May had several championship and playoff events. Which ones were the biggest? Here are the 10 top sports storylines of May.     The Edmonton Oilers defeated the Dallas Stars 6-3 on Thursday to win the Western Conference Final in five games and move on to the Stanley Cup Final.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.