NBA | Fox News
NBA      EDM DJ Alison Wonderland slammed social media users on Sunday after receiving sexualized comments on her picture with NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal     Eleonora Boi, the wife of former NBA star Danilo Gallinari, spoke about the harrowing shark attack in Puerto Rico in an interview on "GMA."     As the NBA landscape shifts ahead of the 2025-26 campaign, we're here to help you figure out what to make of it all. Here are the latest trades!     Drake Solomon claims the Denver Nuggets pushed him out after he underwent hip surgery. He filed a lawsuit alleging discrimination and unlawful severance.     The Los Angeles Lakers will unveil a statue of former coach Pat Riley on Feb. 22 ahead of a game against the Boston Celtics.
Brooklyn Nets star Michael Porter Jr. opened up in a podcast interview about the qualities and traits he's looking for in a future wife.     After an injury-riddled run with the Phoenix Suns, Bradley Beal joined the Los Angeles Clippers. He said the change of scenery centered around his pursuit of his first NBA title.     Former NBA star Sebastian Telfair pleaded for a pardon from President Donald Trump as he's set to enter prison for violating the terms of his sentence in a healthcare fraud scandal.     Fox News host Brian Kilmeade weighs in on the treatment Caitlin Clark has received since she entered the WNBA and how the league has handled it on 'The Big Weekend Show.'     With the NBA offseason underway, this is your one-stop shop for following all the rumors and drama that makes this league so unpredictable.     The NBA announced its slate of games for Opening Night and Christmas Day during the 2025-26 season.     Former Sacramento Kings broadcaster Grant Napear joined OutKick's "The Clay Travis & Buck Sexton Show" to talk about his firing in 2020.     The Boston Celtics extended head coach Joe Mazzulla on a multi-year contract, which Mazzulla called “a blessing."     Malik Beasley, who last played for the Detroit Pistons, was reportedly evicted amid rent lawsuits. A federal investigation has further complicated his NBA path going forward.     Former Miami Heat security guard Marcos Thomas Perez charged with stealing and selling over 400 game-worn jerseys and memorabilia worth up to $2 million.     The NFL Hall of Fame preseason game viewership reached 6.9 million, which beat out the average viewership throughout the NBA playoffs, despite Chargers-Lions contest not counting.     San Antonio Spurs guard De’Aaron Fox has agreed to a four-year, $228 million contract extension.     Luka Doncic won't test free agency, as he committed to the Lakers. He will play alongside LeBron James and a revamped roster in 2025. The deal is worth $165 million, per ESPN.     NBA free agency officially opened on June 30, and teams have already secured deals with some of the biggest names on the open market.     The wife of former New York Knicks player Danilo Gallinari was taken to a hospital after she was bitten by a shark in Puerto Rico recently.     Bronny James is over two years removed from his scary cardiac arrest; the son of the NBA's all-time scorer said he still deals with health issues.     Former Washington Wizards star Gilbert Arenas faces charges of conspiracy, fraud and making false statements. He is accused of running a scheme from one of his California homes.     Barcelona unveiled a new kit that pays homage to NBA legend Kobe Bryant and his famed “Mamba Mentality" brand.     Former NBA veteran forward Marcus Morris was arrested in Florida on a fraud charge on Sunday, according to arrest records in Broward County.     Marcus Jordan, the son of Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan, wrote on social media that the deaths of Hulk Hogan, Ozzy Osbourne led him to reconnect with family.     Brickyard 400 fans will get their own glimpse into a Pacers and racers weekend Sunday.     NBA All-Star point guard Chris Paul and the Los Angeles Clippers reportedly agreed to a one-year deal on Monday, reuniting him with the team.     Portland Trail Blazers' 7-foot-1 center Yang Hansen opened up about his origins as he gets ready to play in the NBA -- the latest athlete from China.     Here are 10 players across multiple sports who had the talent to make their respective Hall of Fames, but injuries did them in.     LeBron James' former Cleveland Cavaliers teammate, Richard Jefferson, explained why playing with him "sucks" at a potential fork in his career.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.