Country Music News, Artists & Events | Fox News Entertainment | Fox News
Sponsored Message
Sponsored Message
SPONSORED
by PayPal
Add PayPal Checkout and save up to $1000
Up to $1000 back on fees? Yes, please. Add PayPal Checkout through August 31st. Additional terms and conditions apply. See full terms for details.
Sign Up
Country
Country music is a musical genre originating from rural parts of the southern regions across the U.S.
Johnny Cash and June Carter, Merle Haggard, Patsy Cline, Hank Williams Jr., The Judds, Waylon Jennings, Loretta Lynn, and Kenny Rogers are among some of the most influential artists who helped shape the future of country music.
"I Walk the Line" by Cash and "Walkin' After Midnight" by Cline are among the greatest country hits from the 1950s and 1960s.
Country rock artists like Jimmy Buffett, the Allman Brothers Band, and the Marshall Tucker Band provided audiences of the genre with a unique perspective on the sound.
"Coal Miner's Daughter" by Lynn, "I've Always Been Crazy" by Waylon Jennings, "Margaritaville" by Buffett, and "Ramblin' Man" by the Allman Brothers are a few of the most recognizable country songs from the 1970s.
In the 1980s, country music artists like George Strait, Alan Jackson, Reba McEntire,  Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and Randy Travis became widely recognized before skyrocketing to fame and maintaining popularity today. Brooks & Dunn, Garth Brooks, Kenny Chesney, Tim McGraw, Toby Keith, Shania Twain, and Trisha Yearwood paved the way for pop-like country music in the 1990s.
Since 2000, country music has seen a multitude of artists emerge as top performers and best-selling singers and songwriters, including Jason Aldean, Lee Brice, Billy Currington, Rascal Flatts, Eric Church, Kelsea Ballerini, Keith Urban, Brad Paisley, Blake Shelton, Martina McBride, Darius Rucker, Chris Stapleton, Luke Combs, Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Russell Dickerson, Sheryl Crow, Thomas Rhett, Zac Brown Band, and Old Dominion, among many others.
After months of dedication, country star Kane Brown took to Instagram to share jaw-dropping before and after photos of his changing physique.     Luke Bryan called concertgoers who throw objects at artists "idiots" after being hit in the face with a ball during his North Dakota State Fair performance.     Dolly Parton offers grief advice to Kelly Clarkson and Reba McEntire following Brandon Blackstock's death, encouraging them to honor his memory.     Kelly Clarkson's former husband Brandon Blackstock passed away at age 48 following a cancer battle, leaving behind a legacy as a music industry talent manager.     Random home invasion murder rocks peaceful Shenandoah Valley as Kevin Walker kills Holly Hatcher, mother of Nashville country singer Spencer Hatcher, in Timberville.
Carly Pearce took to TikTok to share she cut her thumb and needed to get stitches after experiencing a freak accident with a bottle of ranch dressing.     Holly Hatcher, the mom of country singer Spencer Hatcher, was killed in a home invasion before her husband fatally shot the attacker in self-defense.     Zach Bryan — who is a known Philadelphia Eagles fan — took to social media to stir up some drama with fellow NFL fans.     Jelly Roll announces he has lost 200 pounds during a motivational speech to the Tennessee Titans, continuing his health journey that began in December 2022.     Reba McEntire maintained a close relationship with her former stepson, Brandon Blackstock, after divorcing his father and considered him family until his death.     Country singer, Walker Hayes, discussed the painful moments following the death of his seventh child, daughter Oakleigh, and what prevented him from self-destructing after her funeral.     Country star Carrie Underwood, 42, shows off her natural hair color after years of blonde locks, stunning fans with her darker transformation.     Dolly Parton requested changes to her 1978 Playboy bunny costume to respect her religious fans, according to diary entries from interviewer Lawrence Grobel.     Country music legend Jeannie Seely, known as "Miss Country Soul," dies at 85 after complications from an intestinal infection at Tennessee hospital.     Conner Smith returned to the stage for his first performance since his involvement in a car crash which resulted in the death of an elderly woman.     John Michael Montgomery plans final performance in his home state of Kentucky this December before ending his music career.     Country star Luke Bryan got hit in the face mid-performance at the North Dakota State Fair as fans defend the country singer and strongly criticized the incident.     Country star Carrie Underwood has embraced her Tennessee farm, growing produce, raising livestock and canning foods while balancing her career as a performer.     Snoop Dogg joined the Zac Brown Band on a new country-rap single, "Let It Run," describing the collaboration as 'gangster gumbo' while continuing his cross-genre musical partnerships.     Country star Zac Brown and jewelry designer Kendra Scott announced their engagement, sharing they are 'happy and grateful' to have found each other after Brown's divorce from Kelly Yazdi.     Zac Brown joins 'Fox & Friends' to announce new concerts at the Sphere in Las Vegas to celebrate the release of their new album 'Love & Fear.'      Megan Moroney posted a series of photos on Instagram, one of which featured her lounging on a boat in a strapless blue bikini, which she accessorized with a cross necklace.     U.S. Marine Corps Lt. Jackson Perkins discusses his duet with country music artist Riley Green at a concert on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’     Morgan Wallen seemingly poked fun at the viral video allegedly catching Astronomer CEO, Andy Byron, in an affair with his HR chied, Kristin Cabot while the two were at a Coldplay concert.     Country star Darius Rucker ended his Hard Rock Casino concert in Atlantic City after losing his voice, promising refunds and apologizing for the unprecedented situation.     Pat Green channels grief into action by hosting benefit concert for flood victims, including organizations supporting children like his niece who lost her parents and brothers in the Texas floods.     Rising country singer Conner Smith broke his silence on fatal Nashville accident that killed Dorothy Dobbins, as he received a misdemeanor citation.     Dolly Parton admits she's put songwriting "on hold" following husband Carl Dean's death, and shares how their private relationship sustained their almost 60 year marriage     The Texas floods have impacted country singer Pat Green personally as his brother's family remains missing in Kerrville and more than 100 people have died.     Singer joins the 'Fox & Friends' All-American Summer Concert Series to discuss his new album 'Wild Horses' and share his inspiring Independence Day message.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.