WWE | Fox News
WWE
The WWE, or World Wrestling Entertainment Inc., is the world's largest professional wrestling promoter and a global media entertainment company. The company has two flagship television programs: Smackdown, which airs every Friday on Fox, and Monday Night Raw on the USA Network. The WWE also produces films and licenses its brand for video games and action figures. Every year, Wrestlemania and Summer Slam are the largest pay-per-view events for the WWE. The company's content is available in over 1 billion homes and brings over a billion in revenue annually. The headquarters for the WWE is located in Stamford, Connecticut, and it employs more than 800 people
Founded in 1953 under Capital Wrestling Corporation, the company was acquired by Titan Sports Inc and changed its name to the World Wrestling Federation and later to its current brand in 2002. WWE's founder Vince McMahon holds a majority stake in the company at 36% and was its CEO from 1982 until his resignation in 2022. The company has affiliate offices worldwide in Los Angeles, Shanghai, Singapore, Dubai, Munch, and New York City. During McMahon's leadership, the company became a global entertainment and media group.
All wrestling content produced by the WWE is pre-staged performances that feature storylines, scripts, and pre-planned matches. Regardless, performers have still been seriously injured and even died in the ring. McMahon was forced to publicly acknowledge the staged aspects of its wrestling content in 1989. Officially, the company is branded as sports entertainment while having aspects of dramatized acting and wrestling. The WWE's most well-known performers include the Undertaker, John Cena, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, and Ric Flair.
McMahon resigned as the CEO in 2022 due to a company investigation into alleged misconduct. He was replaced by his daughter Stephanie McMahon, who serves as Co-CEO and chairwoman.
Noelle Foley, the daughter of pro wrestling legend Mick Foley, detailed the serious injuries she suffered from a theme park rollercoaster a few years ago.     Longtime WWE official Charles Robinson revealed on social media on Wednesday morning he was stuck at the hospital after being bitten by a bat.     Hulk Hogan died July 24 at age 71, and though a cremation was approved, his family delayed it to address questions about his medical care.     Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will pay tribute to Hulk Hogan, the late professional wrestling legend, during this weekend's NASCAR race in Watkins Glen International.     ESPN host Pat McAfee celebrated the network's historic $1.6 billion WWE broadcasting deal but took shots at his own company executives in a social media post.
The celebrations surrounding Hulk Hogan's life continued Tuesday night at a restaurant where friends and family gathered following a private funeral service in Florida.     Brooke Hogan did not attend WWE legend Hulk Hogan's private funeral service on Tuesday. Instead, she chose to honor him in a way that made her feel "the closest to him."     Wrestling icon Hulk Hogan, who died at 71 from a heart attack, was laid to rest in Florida with WWE executives and celebrities attending the private service.     Becky Lynch and Nikki Bella traded verbal blows during "Monday Night Raw," but it was Lynch's crack about John Cena that got the crowd on its feet.     The pop when Brock Lesnar returned was epic, but social media had a negative reaction to the star's return amid being named in the Vince McMahon sex trafficking lawsuit.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.