Foreign Policy News, Articles & Updates | Fox News | Fox News
Foreign Policy      President Donald Trump holds a multilateral meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House.     President Donald Trump criticizes getting the 'worst publicity' from American media as he discusses his foreign policy in the Oval Office.     Fox News senior White House correspondent Peter Doocy questions President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office about both sides of peace negotiations.     EXCLUSIVE: The State Department has pulled more than 6,000 student visas as the Trump administration cracks down on immigration and ramps up social media screening.     Fox News contributor Joe Concha joins 'Fox & Friends First' to discuss Secretary of State Marco Rubio's fiery exchange on CBS and James Comey's latest jab targeting President Donald Trump.
The ‘MediaBuzz’ panel discusses President Donald Trump’s defense of his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin.     Ret. Gen. Wesley Clark discusses Vladimir Putin's proposal to Volodymyr Zelenskyy to end the war in Ukraine and President Donald Trump's plan going forward as he pushes for peace.     National Review editor-in-chief Rich Lowry and Democratic strategist Meghan Hays join 'MediaBuzz' to discuss media reaction to President Donald Trump’s summit in Alaska with Russian President Vladimir Putin.     Former Vice President Mike Pence discusses how President Donald Trump should handle negotiations with Russian President Vladimir Putin during an interview with CNN host Jake Tapper.     Secretary of State Marco Rubio joins ‘Sunday Morning Futures’ to break down President Trump’s high-stakes meeting with Vladimir Putin, why the summit didn’t end in a ceasefire and what progress was made.     Jake Sullivan, who served as national security advisor under former President Joe Biden, weighs in on Putin's proposed offer to Zelenskyy to end the Russia-Ukraine war.     U.S. special envoy Steve Witkoff discusses the Trump-Putin summit in Alaska and the next steps to end the Russia-Ukraine war on ‘Fox News Sunday.’     Fox News host Mark Levin lays out what is known of Russian President Vladimir Putin in light of his summit with President Donald Trump on 'Life, Liberty & Levin.'     Hudson Institute senior fellow Rebeccah Heinrichs analyzes the ‘powerful message’ President Donald Trump sent Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska on ‘Life, Liberty & Levin.’     The Heritage Foundation's Victoria Coates weighs in on whether a ceasefire is in the cards of the Trump administration's peace negotiations with Russia and Ukraine on 'Fox Report.'     Fox News senior White House correspondent Peter Doocy reports on Russian President Vladimir Putin’s latest demands in negotiations to end the Russia-Ukraine war on ‘Fox Report.’     This week on ‘Fox News Sunday,’ Shannon Bream speaks with Special Envoy to the Middle East Steve Witkoff about his firsthand account of being in the room during the meeting between President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.     The ‘Fox News @ Night’ panel discusses the Trump-Putin summit, California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s social media posts and more.     The State Department announced on Saturday that it decided to halt all visitor visas for Gazan individuals while conducting thorough review of medical-humanitarian visa issuing process.      ‘My View with Lara Trump’ host Lara Trump discusses President Donald Trump’s summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin and more on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’     Fox News’ Rebekah Castor reports on the Russia-Ukraine peace talks and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s upcoming meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House next week.     Fox News senior White House correspondent Peter Doocy reports on peace talks between President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.     Russian President Vladimir Putin says he believes Trump's claim is true that the war in Ukraine would not have even begun if he were president instead of Joe Biden when it started.     Alaska summit between Trump and Putin featured military displays and diplomatic talks about Ukraine conflict but produced only modest progress toward peace     "Real Time" host Bill Maher pushed back against claims President Trump is "Putin's bi--h" after he met with the Russian president in Alaska to negotiate an end to the war in Ukraine.     A panel featuring Kellyanne Conway, Jason Chaffetz, and Charlie Hurt reacts to the Trump-Putin summit as well as the press conference.     President Donald Trump discusses how his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin went and what’s next in peace negotiations and more in an exclusive interview on ‘Hannity.’     Russian president Vladimir Putin backs Trump claim that Ukraine conflict would have been avoided if Trump remained in White House after 2020 election.     FOX Business White House correspondent Edward Lawrence analyzes Russian President Vladimir Putin's 'business pitch' to President Donald Trump in Alaska.     Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo evaluates President Donald Trump's remarks about his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.