IndyCar Racing News & Highlights | Fox News Auto | Fox News
IndyCar Racing      Check out this article for all you need to know about INDYCAR Milwaukee, including dates, times, tv channels, and more.     From wins at St. Pete and the Indy 500 to the races he lost, Alex Palou reflects on the highs and lows of his historic championship season.     We'll save the dramatics this week. Freshly crowned INDYCAR champion and now four-time title winner Alex Palou is No. 1 in the rankings now and for the foreseeable future.     IndyCar star Conor Daly ripped Christian Rasmussen after aggressive driving at the Bitnile.com Grand Prix of Portland led to a nasty wreck on Sunday.     Alex Palou wrapped up his third straight — and fourth career — INDYCAR championship on Sunday at Portland.
So who is Alex Palou? Get to know the Indy 500 winner in this interview as he opens up about life off the track.     Will this be the weekend that Alex Palou clinches the INDYCAR title, or can Pato O'Ward — today's pole sitter — hold him off? Here are the odds.     Will Alex Palou clinch? Can Will Power repeat? What about the VeeKay-Kirkwood beef? Here's what you need to know before INDYCAR at Portland.     Check out this article for all you need to know about INDYCAR Portland, including dates, times, tv channels, and more.     Pato O'Ward, a Mexican-born IndyCar driver, was "caught off guard" by the Department of Homeland Security's post depicting an ICE-sponsored racecar.     Despite three races remaining in the INDYCAR season, Alex Palou can clinch the title Sunday at Portland. Here's how it needs to play out.     Alex Palou will probably clinch the INDYCAR title before the season even ends. But no sweat — the championship format is fine as is.     From his love for rescue dogs to his passion for jamming on the drums, INDYCAR's youngest winner Colton Herta opens up about his life off the track.     McLaren CEO Zak Brown's goal is to have his INDYCAR team follow his F1 team's blueprint, and 2027 could be when things really start clicking.     It's Alex Palou's world, and we're all just along for the ride. Find out where he and the other drivers landed in this week's INDYCAR power rankings.     Team owner Chip Ganassi loves that his driver Alex Palou is on a roll during this historic season and is adamant that the best is yet to come.     Alex Palou doesn't even have to win again this season to capture the 2025 INDYCAR title, but it's still head down for the driver of the No. 10 car.     Pato O'Ward won two of the last three INDYCAR races. Can he capture the checkered flag this weekend at Laguna Seca? Here are the odds.     Check out this article for all you need to know about INDYCAR Monterey, including dates, times, tv channels, and more.     Check out the 2025 NASCAR Indianapolis qualifying order for the Brickyard 400.     There is a new entry for INDYCAR livery of the year — and it's a rockin' one!     As the 2025 INDYCAR season winds down, questions linger about which tracks should be added to the 2026 schedule.     INDYCAR's most popular driver takes the top spot after getting his second win in the last three races. Check out the latest power rankings.     Pato O'Ward enjoys cooking, boxing and tequila, and has an affinity for adrenaline. Get to know INDYCAR's most popular driver.     Pato O'Ward took the checkered flag at Toronto, tightening the gap between him and Alex Palou for the championship.     Santino Ferrucci won't race at Toronto after crash during practice forces team to make "difficult decision."     Check out this article for all you need to know about INDYCAR Toronto, including dates, times, tv channels, and more.     Nolan Siegel is back on track and Devlin DeFrancesco is back at home. Dive into what you need to know before INDYCAR's green flag at Toronto.     Nolan Siegel has been cleared to race at Toronto after suffering a mild concussion. However, the 2024 Rookie of the Year is on standby just in case.     Which driver will take the checkered flag in the INDYCAR race at Toronto? Here are the latest odds.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.