Immigration News | Breaking News Headlines | Trump Immigration Policy | Protests | Immigration Reform | Fox News
FAR-LEFT ATTACK Getty           TANTRUM CALLED Getty        FATAL CRASH St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office                            0:03:21    0:03:08    0:08:15    0:09:07      Sen. Grassley receives exclusive data showing Biden HHS conducted only 7,000 home studies while placing thousands of migrant children with unvetted sponsors     California Sen. Scott Wiener calls ICE agents 'Trump's thugs' after enforcement during redistricting event, proposes misdemeanor charges for masked police.     Fox News senior correspondent Jonathan Serrie provides the latest on an illegal immigrant accused of causing a fatal crash on a Florida highway.     Former Marine Benjamin Song charged with terrorism after training leftist activists in combat skills before July 4 ICE facility attack near Fort Worth     Harjinder Singh, an illegal immigrant truck driver, faces three homicide charges and deportation after causing a Florida crash that killed three people.
'Fox & Friends' hosts react to viral video of an illegal immigrant making an illegal u-turn, allegedly causing a deadly crash.     Three people died when an illegal immigrant's unauthorized U-turn caused a commercial truck to jackknife and crush a minivan on Florida's turnpike last week.     Sen. Eric Schmitt, R-Mo., discusses his take on the Trump-Putin summit in Alaska and more on ‘Fox News Sunday.’     Virginia Lt. Gov. Winsome Earle-Sears shares about her immigration story from Jamaica, the NYC mayor's race, her gubernatorial run and more on 'My View.'     The USDA has announced a new sterile fly breeding site in southern Texas to protect American cattle from the deadly New World screwworm maggots near the Mexico border.
Immigration: What to know about border security, US immigration policy and more
Immigration in the United States has become a controversial topic in the political arena. There are several steps one must take to become a U.S. citizen, which are outlined on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website. These steps include preparing an application for naturalization, paying fees, completing an interview and taking the oath of allegiance to the United States.
President Donald Trump and his administration prioritized securing the border and cracking down on the millions of undocumented immigrants already living in the country. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is the federal agency responsible for enforcing immigration laws. Since beginning his second term in the White House, Trump has worked to initiate the deportation of undocumented immigrants.
Thousands of people gathered in downtown Los Angeles for protest demonstrations over immigration. The scene turned from peaceful to violent as rising unrest prompted police to deploy tear gas. The Los Angeles immigration protests were among other nationwide protests against federal immigration raids conducted by ICE agents. California Gov.  has continued to blame Trump for the escalating protests, claiming that they were peaceful demonstrations before the National Guard and Trump's rhetoric intensified the conflict.
“Alligator Alcatraz,” the nation's newest detention facility for undocumented immigrants, is located in the Florida Everglades and surrounded by swampland teeming with alligators and pythons. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis authorized the construction of the detention center on a 30-square-mile property in the swamplands of Miami-Dade County under an emergency order in June 2025. The property, a former airport, has been outfitted with sturdy tent structures to house 5,000 undocumented immigrants amid the Trump administration's deportation blitz to remove the millions of migrants who entered the country during the Biden administration.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.