Tennis | Fox News
Tennis      Venus Williams' return to the court was highlighted by a wild-card invitation to the U.S. Open where she is due to compete in women's singles and mixed doubles.     Monica Seles has gone public for the first time about her myasthenia gravis diagnosis. The two-time U.S. Open winner says she was diagnosed with the rare disease in 2023.     Tennis star Emma Raducanu complained about a crying child spectator during her Cincinnati Open loss to top-seeded Aryna Sabalenka in the third round.     Tennis star Anna Kalinskaya celebrated her Citi D.C. Open semifinals win against Emma Raducanu with her dog, Bella, on Saturday. It was her second instance.     Women's college tennis player Toby Atwood died suddenly after collapsing during a half-marathon in Pennsylvania over the weekend, school officials announced. She was 21.
Venus Williams won her first-round match at the D.C. Open in straight sets on Tuesday night. The win marked her first singles victory since 2023.     Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios took a swipe at Jannik Sinner on social media after the Italian won Wimbledon for the first time in his career.     Italian tennis star Jannik Sinner enacted some revenge on Carlos Alcaraz on Sunday as he defeated the Spanish star in four sets to win the first Wimbledon title of his career.     Two players remain in tennis' grandest tournament. Who will emerge victorious on the men's side? Check out the odds heading into the final.     Venus Williams will make her return later this month after accepting a wild card invitation to compete in the DC Open beginning next Saturday.     Iga Swiatek has finally earned a title on the grass courts after she defeated Amanda Anisimova in straight sets in the women's Wimbledon final on Saturday.     Jannik Sinner defeated a hampered Novak Djokovic in three sets to advance to the Wimbledon final and set up a highly anticipated match against Carlos Alcaraz.     Carlos Alcaraz will compete for his third straight title at Wimbledon after he defeated American Taylor Fritz in the men's semifinal on Friday.     Despite joking that she wouldn't give a "Roland-Garros press conference," Aryna Sabalenka provided some color in her post-match availability at Wimbledon.     American tennis star Amanda Anisimova stunned the tennis world when she upset world No. 1 Aryna Sabalenka to make the Wimbledon final. Who is she?     American tennis star Amanda Anisimova defeated world No. 1-ranked Aryna Sabalenka in three grueling sets to advance to the Wimbledon finals.     Aryna Sabalenka clarified her comments regarding her opponent Laura Siegemund following the Belarusian tennis star's quarterfinal victory at the All England Club.     Ben Shelton lost in straight sets to top-ranked men's tennis pro Jannik Sinner, who moves on to face Novak Djokovic in the semifinals of Wimbledon.     U.S. soccer star Trinity Rodman expressed frustration over ESPN bringing up her father, Dennis Rodman, while she supported boyfriend Ben Shelton at Wimbledon.     Women's tennis No. 1-ranked player Aryna Sabalenka narrowly avoided a major upset as she battled back to beat No. 104-ranked Laura Siegemund in three grueling sets.     American star tennis player Taylor Fritz defeated Karen Khachanov in four sets to advance to the Wimbledon semifinals, and became the first American man to do so since 2018.     Leading Jannik Sinner by two sets, Grigor Dimitrov suffered a pectoral injury at Wimbledon, forcing his retirement from the match and sending the top seed to the quarterfinals.     Ben Shelton made a plea to his sister's bosses at Morgan Stanley to give her more time off as he advanced to fourth round of Wimbledon on Monday.     Ben Shelton needed just one minute to defeat his opponent at Wimbledon on Friday after the match was suspended due to darkness the night before.     Several American tennis stars, including Frances Tiafoe, suffered stunning defeats in the early rounds of Wimbledon this week.     Coco Gauff, less than one month after winning the French Open, lost her first-round matchup at the Wimbledon Championships on Tuesday.     Italian tennis pro Elisabetta Cocciaretto stunned American star Jessica Pegula, the No. 3 ranked player at Wimbledon, in straight sets on Tuesday.     Tennis legend Martina Navratilova lamented the state of the nation as the suspected shooter in the Idaho ambush killings was identified on Monday.     Carlos Alcaraz extended his winning streak to 19 matches at Wimbledon's hottest opening day, providing water to an overheated fan during his grueling first-round battle against Fabio Fognini.     Carson Branstine burst onto the tennis scene this month as she defeated two rising stars on the way to entering Wimbledon against Aryna Sabalenka.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.