Global Scandals & Controversies | Fox News
Global Scandals & Controversies      Harvard University revokes Francesca Gino's tenure over data fraud allegations. Gino, known for her work on ethics, denies the claims and filed a lawsuit.     French President Emmanuel Macron was spotted being shoved in the face by his wife, Brigitte Macron, in a viral clip that he dismissed as playfighting.     Jake Tapper admitted the Biden White House lied about the "cheap fakes" claim nearly a year after CNN pushed the talking point to viewers while the president was seeking re-election.     CNN's Jake Tapper admitted criticism of his past coverage of Joe Biden is "fair" and that he didn't do enough to cover the former president's cognitive decline in office.     From Lincoln's elephants to Trump's luxury jet, US presidents have a long history of receiving foreign gifts. But it is not without legal and ethical controversy.
N.Y. Attorney General Letitia James faces mortgage fraud allegations as forensic investigator Sammy Antar presents documentation that could lead to serious legal consequences.     The World Economic Forum board said it supports an "independent investigation" into former chairman of the globalist body, Klaus Schwab.     South Korea's Constitutional Court overturned acting President Han Duck-soo's impeachment, reinstating the nation's No. 2 official as acting leader on Monday.     After being confirmed by the Senate, Trump’s new FBI Director Kash Patel is not wasting any time in taking the reins at the country’s top investigative agency.     CNN's former editor at large Chris Cillizza issued an apology for not pushing hard enough in questioning President Biden's mental decline after recent bombshell reports.     Disgraced former Democrat Congressman Anthony Weiner, whose once-promising career was seemingly destroyed by sexting scandals, is eyeing a political comeback.     MSNBC's Rev. Al Sharpton had a long history of scandals and controversies with the "pay for play" allegations with the Harris campaign being the latest.     Four years before President Biden issued a pardon for his son Hunter, the media hyped speculation that then-President Trump would issue premptive pardons for his own children.     The controversy over Rev. Al Sharpton's nonprofit accepting donations from the Harris campaign ahead of a friendly MSNBC interview with the vice president is rocking the network.     Justin Welby, the head of the Church of England, has resigned after an investigation revealed he failed to report sexual abuse as soon as he became aware of it.     One of the Pentagon’s top generals is under investigation for allegedly getting physical with an airman on a flight in early September.     CBS News fired back at the legal threat made by former President Trump and his demand for the network to release the full transcript of its "60 Minutes" Kamala Harris interview.     In a letter obtained by Fox News Digital, an attorney for former President Trump is demanding CBS News to release the full transcript of its interview of Vice President Kamala Harris.     New York Magazine announced it is parting ways with star correspondent Olivia Nuzzi following bombshell revelations of an inappropriate relationship she had with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.     CNN's Kara Swisher went viral for comments she made downplaying Big Tech's suppression of the Hunter Biden laptop story during the 2020 presidential election.     HBO's Bill Maher wondered whether the media avoiding the controversies surrounding second gentleman Doug Emhoff will ultimately backfire on the Harris campaign.     The Wall Street Journal reports that CBS News chief Wendy McMahon is considering an "editorial review" of the network's fairness in its own reporting following newsroom turmoil.     "60 Minutes" has displayed liberal bias long before the Kamala Harris interview snafu, from dismissing the Hunter Biden laptop scandal to calling the COVID lab-leak theory "debunked."     Former staffers are reportedly calling on CBS News to launch an independent probe into the editing of a "60 Minutes" interview with Vice President Kamala Harris.     Former President Trump blasted CBS News for what he calls "the single biggest scandal in broadcast history" as "60 Minutes" sparked outrage over its Kamala Harris interview.     CBS News' standards and practices director reportedly told network employees to not refer to Jerusalem as being in Israel, according to a report from The Free Press.     The drama unfolding at CBS News mirrors controversies at other news organizations including NBC News, CNN and The New York Times, where far-left staff revolt against their bosses.     The U.S. Naval Academy, known for its first five years as the Naval School, was founded on Oct. 10, 1845 after a planned mutiny aboard U.S. Navy brig Somers. It's the only mutiny in Navy history.     Politico's Ryan Lizza was placed on leave after ex-fiancée Olivia Nuzzi accused him of harassment and blackmail in a court filing following revelations of her RFK Jr. relationship.     North Carolina Republican Mark Robinson hired attorney Jesse Binnall to lead an expeditious investigation into claims he made comments on a porn site.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.