Fox Nation | Fox News
July 02, 2025 Duck hunters chase hidden history in new season of Fox Nation series 'Unashamed' podcast co-host Jase Robertson honors his father Phil Robertson's legacy and previews the new season of Fox Nation's 'Duck Family Treasure' on 'Jesse Watters Primetime.'         0:04:05   Competitive bull riders Joe Alejos and Lance Lara join ‘Fox & Friends’ to discuss the behind-the-scenes of Season 2 of Fox Nation’s ‘Last Cowboy Standing,’ streaming now.        Fox Nation and Professional Bull Riders premiered their first event of the "PBR Friday Night Live" series.    0:04:27   Peyton Houston, quarterback at Evangel Christian Academy, and head coach and pastor Denny Duron preview season three of Fox Nation's 'God. Family. Football.'       Forrest Galante shares his harrowing Burma drone filming experience on Sean Hannity's Fox Nation podcast, revealing he faced potential life imprisonment for illegal equipment use.    0:03:18   TV personality and conservationist Forrest Galante tells Sean Hannity about a harrowing brush with life imprisonment after breaking the law in Myanmar.       Fox Nation unveils special honoring Hulk Hogan following the wrestling icon's death, exploring his rise from Terry Bollea to becoming America's beloved wrestling hero.    0:04:37   Fox News contributor Joey Jones discusses the planned release of a known associate of Al-Qaeda who bragged about helping orchestrate the 9/11 attacks on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’
FOX Nation's seven-year documentary 'Riddle: The Search for James R. Hoffa' led by Eric Shawn explores new evidence about the union leader's 1975 disappearance       New owners Susan and John Hagen plan to restore Jimmy Hoffa's former Lake Orion retreat while preserving its historical significance and family memories    0:02:57   Fox Nation's 'The Life of Hulk Hogan' documents Terry Bollea's rise from ringside spectator to pro-wrestling superstar.
Breaking News
SOON: President Zelenskyy joins 'Special Report' for an exclusive interview following high-stakes peace talks
Want to get these alerts sent to you directly? Click here.