18 Aug, 2025 23:29 Home World News The EU and Kiev are losing, and Trump is my witness The Washington meeting shows Zelensky and his backers are playing catch-up to American and Russian leaders By Nadezhda Romanenko , political analyst © Sputnik Monday’s White House summit featuring US President Donald Trump, Vladimir Zelensky, and several senior EU figures ended without any grand announcements. Yet beneath the surface, a high-stakes diplomatic contest is unfolding over Washington’s role in the Ukraine conflict. The lack of a decisive outcome suggests that the real work is happening behind the scenes. Trump’s behavior – particularly his decision not to echo Kiev’s or Brussels’s messaging in the post-meeting briefings – is a signal. He is asserting his control over the narrative, reflecting that he remains unpersuaded by EU and Ukrainian arguments for continued Western entanglement in the conflict. A strategic tug-of-war The summit and the diplomatic moves surrounding it are a tug-of-war, with Moscow’s goal being to remove Washington’s involvement in the conflict, while that of Brussels and Kiev is to keep it anchored in their corner. The absence of new sanctions or pressure on Russia following last Friday’s Putin-Trump summit in Alaska suggests Moscow is gaining momentum. Trump has even shifted from demanding a ceasefire to advocating direct peace talks – a position more congenial to Moscow. Read more Trump comments on potential Ukraine talks breakthrough Zelensky and several EU leaders came to Washington to reinforce Trump’s alignment. The want to persuade Trump: strengthen sanctions, maintain arms shipments, and ensure Ukraine has the security architecture they want. Thus far, though, their pull seems to be struggling. Trump, from the outset, appeared to put the EU and Ukraine on the defensive, signaling that their influence is limited. The backdrop is critical: just days before, Trump hosted Putin in Anchorage, and that summit paved the way for more flexible diplomacy that sidesteps EU-defined preconditions. European leaders arriving at the White House now are playing catch-up – trying to steer a conversation already impacted by Trump’s shift. The security guarantees question Everything hinges on security guarantees for Ukraine – a deeply contested issue. Moscow is adamant that any meaningful guarantee depends on Ukrainian neutrality and demilitarization. In contrast, Kiev and the EU are pushing for a reinforced Ukrainian military, possible NATO deployment on Ukrainian soil or even eventual NATO accession. These efforts by the Europeans appear desperate, even naïve – given that Russia is slowly but steadily winning the war on the ground. And as Russia makes military gains, Kiev’s and Brussels’ wiggle room in the negotiations shrinks. Read more Putin aide confirms details of Trump call That said, their attempts shouldn’t be dismissed outright. The shape of the peace deal slow-cooked in Washington will determine Ukraine’s fate – and by extension, much of Europe’s future security structure. Moscow, meanwhile, remains unperturbed. After Trump’s meeting with Zelensky and the Europeans, he held a 40-minute phone conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Judging by the information released about the substance of the call, Trump made no demands and Putin offered no concessions. They talked about continuing direct Russia-Ukraine talks. They also discussed “elevating” the level of the talks, and according to German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who was present at Monday’s meeting, direct talks between Putin and Zelensky could take place within two weeks. It is clear that the Kremlin remains steadfast and poised to consider setting the terms while it holds all the military cards. In the end, the Washington summit may have lacked ceremony and a spectacular outcome, but it was loaded with geopolitical subtext: a contest over whether the US remains a supporter to Ukraine or begins to shift back toward a more transactional, realist posture. The EU, recognizing its diminishing leverage, is trying to reclaim the narrative as the battleground, at least for now, is clearly tilting against it. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU Russia US Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 13:43 Home World News US masking attempt to control Latin America with ‘drug war’ – Bolivian president Luis Arce slammed the recent deployment of American armed forces in the southern Caribbean region FILE PHOTO: President of Bolivia Luis Arce Catacora © Getty Images / Agencia Makro / Contributor Washington is using the so-called war on drugs as a cover for seeking political and economic domination in Latin America, Bolivian President Luis Arce claimed on Wednesday. He strongly criticized the US military deployment to the southern Caribbean, calling it an attempt to control the region rather than genuinely combat narcotics trafficking. The US sent air and naval forces to the southern Caribbean Sea earlier this month in what the White House called part of a broader campaign against drug trafficking groups operating in Latin America, particularly those linked to Venezuela. “We know that behind this failed international war on drugs lies the real objective to geopolitically control Latin America for its natural resources and to dismantle organized peoples, so that we cannot follow our own sovereign path,” Arce said, speaking via video link at the 13th Extraordinary Summit of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America. The Bolivian leader also called on the US government to address the root causes of drug trafficking at home, urging it to curb domestic demand for narcotics and dismantle the arms industry and the shallow culture that, he argued, sustains the drug trade. Arce also decried Washington’s latest steps against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro as an insult to regional sovereignty and a direct attack on a democratically elected leader. READ MORE: Trump secretly prepares military action against drug cartels – NYT Last month, the US administration expanded its crackdown by designating the Venezuela-based Cartel de los Soles as a criminal organization, alleging that it is personally led by Maduro and includes other senior officials in his government and military. Maduro, who was indicted on federal drug charges by a US court in 2020 during Trump’s first term, has consistently denied the accusations, calling them politically motivated and part of Washington’s broader campaign to topple his government. Earlier this month, tensions escalated further after the US Justice and State Departments announced a doubling of the reward for information leading to Maduro’s arrest, raising it to $50 million, while also claiming the Venezuelan leader is now collaborating with the Tren de Aragua and Sinaloa cartels. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on US Venezuela Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 12:01 Home World News US push to build naval drone fleet ‘not going well’ – Reuters The Pentagon program has faced a series of setbacks, multiple sources have told the agency FILE PHOTO: Global Autonomous Reconnaissance Craft (GARC) operate off the coast of California. © Getty Images / X / Naval Surface Forces of the US Pacific Fleet The US plan to build a fleet of naval drones to potentially counter China is “not going well” and has been marred with technical issues and management turmoil, Reuters has reported, citing a dozen informed sources. US President Donald Trump has named drone capabilities as a top priority for the military, with almost $5 billion allocated for naval autonomous systems in his ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ on federal spending. The Pentagon aims to arm itself with numerous unmanned boats, which cost several million dollars each and can operate in swarms without human command. The drones are seen as vital for protecting Taiwan in case of a possible military confrontation with Beijing. The program, however, has faced a series of setbacks, Reuters reported on Wednesday. It recalled an incident in July during a test off the coast of California, in which one autonomous surface vehicle (ASV) suddenly stalled and another smashed into it, vaulting over the deck and crashing back into the water. During another failed test a few weeks prior, an autonomous boat accelerated unexpectedly, capsizing its support vessel and throwing its captain overboard, Reuters reported. The captain remained unharmed, it added. Read more Drone racing championship wraps up in Moscow (VIDEO, PHOTOS) The blunders resulted from a combination of software failures and human error, including breakdowns in communication between onboard systems and external autonomous software, one source explained. Since the latest incident, the Pentagon has indefinitely halted a contract of almost $20 million with one of the firms providing autonomous software for the vessels, sources told the agency. In May, the US Navy’s main ASV procurement unit, the Program Executive Office Unmanned and Small Combatants (PEO USC), had its chief, Rear Admiral Kevin Smith, sacked due to loss of confidence. According to Reuters’ sources, US Deputy Secretary of Defense Stephen Feinberg grilled Navy officials last month, saying he was unimpressed by some of the acquired naval drone capabilities and questioning their cost-effectiveness. READ MORE: What the West doesn’t understand about China’s growing military might The PEO USC was recently placed under review due to its failures and could face restructuring or a shutdown, four people familiar with the matter claimed. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on China Pentagon Taiwan US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested in Italy over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the pipeline bringing Russian gas to Western Europe in 2022 © Danish Defence / Anadolu Agency via Getty Images Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man who it is claimed is suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, German prosecutors reported on Thursday. The man, referred to only as Sergey K, was detained near Rimini on the basis of a European arrest warrant. German investigators believe he led a unit that blew up sections of the pipelines in September 2022. The attacks, which ruptured both the Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines in the Baltic Sea, were, improbably, initially blamed on Russian operatives. But German prosecutors later traced a rented sailing yacht to the operation and linked it to Ukrainian nationals. Read more Poland to turn wind farm into NATO’s eyes and ears – media Investigators say Sergey K was part of a group that placed explosives on the pipelines near the island of Bornholm in September 2022. The accused was allegedly one of the coordinators of the operation. He and his accomplices are said to have used a sailing yacht that departed from the German city of Rostock. The vessel had previously been rented from a German company through intermediaries using forged identification documents. “After being transferred from Italy, the accused will be brought before the investigating judge of the Federal Court of Justice,” according to the statement by the prosecutor's office. Germany’s Federal Prosecutor General has reportedly been investigating the blasts for more than two years on suspicion of sabotage and causing explosives to be detonated. The explosions were seen at the time as an attack on critical energy infrastructure and a stark example of the rising economic fallout of the Ukraine conflict. In 2023, veteran investigative journalist Seymour Hersh published a report claiming that then-US President Joe Biden had given the order to destroy Nord Stream. According to an informed source who talked to the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, the explosives had been planted by US Navy divers a few months earlier under the cover of a NATO exercise. The White House denied the report at the time, calling it “complete fiction.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy