14 Aug, 2025 19:33 Home World News Tara Reade: Without Zelensky, peace has a chance The Ukrainian leader has become a liability to the West – which is why peace will be decided between Trump and Putin FILE PHOTO: Vladimir Zelensky. © Stephanie Lecocq - WPA Pool / Getty Images In 1867, the Russian empire sold Alaska to the US for $7.2 million. Perhaps the location of the upcoming summit between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin is a nod and a wink to such a great deal? Maybe Putin will like Alaska so much he will have seller’s remorse? Trump promised America a golden age coming that included ending the US involvement in Ukraine. No more US taxpayer money, no more weapons to Ukraine. No more escalation towards a nuclear war. Finally, that campaign promise looks to be coming to fruition with the upcoming summit to be held between the two superpower presidents, Trump and Putin, in Alaska. Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky publicly dismissed Trump’s peace plans. The last time Zelensky protested a movement towards peace he had European leaders rallying behind him. This time proves more tricky for the illegitimate president of Ukraine with his people protesting forced conscriptions and the bloody losses of men and women for a war feeding the EU and Washington. Zelensky’s firing of an anti-corruption team triggered the latest uprising as he still will not hold elections. In short, Zelensky’s time is done and he will need to flee, along with his corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs, to the nearest European villa haven or face the possible fate of many unpopular dictators – death. Trump has many reasons for wanting this peace summit with Putin to be a success. First, he is by all accounts, ducking hits by his base about not releasing the Epstein files. The MAGA base is loyal but practical, and if the economy does not improve and foreign wars continue, they will turn their back on the Republican Party, not just Trump. Also, the Ukraine conflict represents Biden and the old guard. Trump has repeatedly said, “This is NOT my war.” Trump has a certain respect for Putin. However, as time passes and old hawks like senator Lindsay Graham salivate for more blood and death, Trump’s goal of being the ‘peace president’ moves farther out of reach. The American people are over Ukraine, they are sick of American foreign adventures on taxpayer money that have left America’s infrastructure and morale in tatters. Trump is trying to undo decades of lies about wars and domestic policy now revealed to the public. The American distrust in media is at an all-time high due to the years of lies about wars, Covid, and domestic issues. This culminates in collective cynicism while social media allows for examinations of truths. The cultural divide and frustrations in America are deeply felt but the main concern for Americans is the ability to get access to affordable food, housing, and medical care. All of this has been in crisis especially since the Biden regime drove the US economy into the ground raising the debt ceiling and focusing on endless wars. Read more Kiev tries to kill as many civilians as it can right before talks The economic allure of Russia and America having positive productive trade is not lost on Trump and his leadership. Russia has risen above sanctions with a strong economy, and BRICS has been growing stronger. The attempts to isolate Russia have failed, while the collective West has remained under the thumb of past US hawks. This has brought the near collapse of some of the Western European economies. Trump at his heart is a businessman interested in economic competition rather than war. His current administration is a mix of old guard neocon hawks and anti-war doves. This curious mixture with strong influences from Israel means Trump’s foreign policy still somewhat aligns with Biden’s and Obama’s – and that is a comparison he wishes to distance himself from. Both the US and Russia know that Ukraine employs terrorist tactics, killing civilians and targeting journalists, which is problematic to any signed legal agreements. There is also the fact that Moscow does not consider Zelensky a legitimate president since his term ran out and he canceled elections. How legal would any peace agreements signed with him be? Perhaps the answer will come from the US president in the form of guarantees of no more weapons or funding to Ukraine, but these would have to involve binding commitments – unlike earlier empty promises of no eastward NATO expansion. Ultimately, Zelensky is less than inconsequential to the future of global politics – he is a liability to the West. The real end to this proxy war between the US/NATO and Russia will be decided between Trump and Putin. It will likely start with broad brush strokes of a peace agreement, with details, boundaries and consequences laid out later in bureaucratic form. There will be posturing, but also economic and trade deals made. Perhaps a joint mission in space could be one positive outcome? The lifting of sanctions and putting an end to the Russophobia campaign fueled by Obama and Biden? A more positive approach to disarmament of nuclear weapons? While Putin might not buy back Alaska for Russia, there may be some movement to final peace in regards to Ukraine. If the EU falls into line with the US to drop this proxy war, stop supplying weapons, and not allow Ukraine into NATO, then real peace does have some hope. The world may even have a chance of having a new golden age, rather than a future of nuclear ash. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 21 Aug, 2025 12:01 Home World News US push to build naval drone fleet ‘not going well’ – Reuters The Pentagon program has faced a series of setbacks, multiple sources have told the agency FILE PHOTO: Global Autonomous Reconnaissance Craft (GARC) operate off the coast of California. © Getty Images / X / Naval Surface Forces of the US Pacific Fleet The US plan to build a fleet of naval drones to potentially counter China is “not going well” and has been marred with technical issues and management turmoil, Reuters has reported, citing a dozen informed sources. US President Donald Trump has named drone capabilities as a top priority for the military, with almost $5 billion allocated for naval autonomous systems in his ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ on federal spending. The Pentagon aims to arm itself with numerous unmanned boats, which cost several million dollars each and can operate in swarms without human command. The drones are seen as vital for protecting Taiwan in case of a possible military confrontation with Beijing. The program, however, has faced a series of setbacks, Reuters reported on Wednesday. It recalled an incident in July during a test off the coast of California, in which one autonomous surface vehicle (ASV) suddenly stalled and another smashed into it, vaulting over the deck and crashing back into the water. During another failed test a few weeks prior, an autonomous boat accelerated unexpectedly, capsizing its support vessel and throwing its captain overboard, Reuters reported. The captain remained unharmed, it added. Read more Drone racing championship wraps up in Moscow (VIDEO, PHOTOS) The blunders resulted from a combination of software failures and human error, including breakdowns in communication between onboard systems and external autonomous software, one source explained. Since the latest incident, the Pentagon has indefinitely halted a contract of almost $20 million with one of the firms providing autonomous software for the vessels, sources told the agency. In May, the US Navy’s main ASV procurement unit, the Program Executive Office Unmanned and Small Combatants (PEO USC), had its chief, Rear Admiral Kevin Smith, sacked due to loss of confidence. According to Reuters’ sources, US Deputy Secretary of Defense Stephen Feinberg grilled Navy officials last month, saying he was unimpressed by some of the acquired naval drone capabilities and questioning their cost-effectiveness. READ MORE: What the West doesn’t understand about China’s growing military might The PEO USC was recently placed under review due to its failures and could face restructuring or a shutdown, four people familiar with the matter claimed. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on China Pentagon Taiwan US Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 10:44 Home World News Ukrainian arrested in Italy over Nord Stream sabotage – German prosecutors The suspect is said to have been on board the sailboat used to blow up part of the pipeline bringing Russian gas to Western Europe in 2022 © Danish Defence / Anadolu Agency via Getty Images Italian police have arrested a Ukrainian man who it is claimed is suspected of involvement in the bombing of the Nord Stream gas pipelines, German prosecutors reported on Thursday. The man, referred to only as Sergey K, was detained near Rimini on the basis of a European arrest warrant. German investigators believe he led a unit that blew up sections of the pipelines in September 2022. The attacks, which ruptured both the Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines in the Baltic Sea, were, improbably, initially blamed on Russian operatives. But German prosecutors later traced a rented sailing yacht to the operation and linked it to Ukrainian nationals. Read more Poland to turn wind farm into NATO’s eyes and ears – media Investigators say Sergey K was part of a group that placed explosives on the pipelines near the island of Bornholm in September 2022. The accused was allegedly one of the coordinators of the operation. He and his accomplices are said to have used a sailing yacht that departed from the German city of Rostock. The vessel had previously been rented from a German company through intermediaries using forged identification documents. “After being transferred from Italy, the accused will be brought before the investigating judge of the Federal Court of Justice,” according to the statement by the prosecutor's office. Germany’s Federal Prosecutor General has reportedly been investigating the blasts for more than two years on suspicion of sabotage and causing explosives to be detonated. The explosions were seen at the time as an attack on critical energy infrastructure and a stark example of the rising economic fallout of the Ukraine conflict. In 2023, veteran investigative journalist Seymour Hersh published a report claiming that then-US President Joe Biden had given the order to destroy Nord Stream. According to an informed source who talked to the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, the explosives had been planted by US Navy divers a few months earlier under the cover of a NATO exercise. The White House denied the report at the time, calling it “complete fiction.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 21 Aug, 2025 07:49 Home World News Israel launches attack on Gaza City Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the military to shorten the timeline for the defeat of Hamas FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers prepare tanks near the Gaza Strip's northern borders. © Getty Images / Elke Scholiers The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has begun “the first stages” of an operation to take over Gaza City, a military spokesman has announced. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to seize the city in order to achieve full control of Gaza was approved by the Jewish state's security cabinet two weeks ago. IDF spokesman Brigadier General Effie Defrin said on Wednesday that Israeli forces are already “holding the outskirts of Gaza City” and will “deepen” attacks on Palestinian armed group Hamas in the densely populated area. Netanyahu later said he had ordered the military to “shorten the timelines for seizing the last terror strongholds and for the defeat of Hamas.” The IDF is expected to present its plan for the capture of Gaza City to the prime minister on Thursday, military sources have told local media. Earlier this week, the IDF announced it would be calling up another 60,000 reservists ahead of the operation. Read more Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump Reports have also claimed that West Jerusalem has decided not to respond to Monday’s proposal by Hamas, which includes the release of ten Israeli hostages and a 60-day ceasefire. The offer was based on the framework by US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, according to the group. Hamas said “the start of an operation against Gaza City and its nearly one million residents and displaced persons… demonstrates… a blatant disregard for the efforts made by the mediators.” On Wednesday, three IDF troops were wounded, including one severely, after 15 Hamas fighters emerged from tunnels and attacked them with firearms and anti-tank missiles near Khan Younis, south of Gaza City. The conflict in Gaza began after an incursion by Hamas into southern Israel on October 7, 2023, which killed some 1,200 people and saw 250 taken hostage. Around 50 of them remain in captivity. According to Gaza’s health ministry, more than 62,000 people have been killed and around 156,000 wounded in Israeli attacks on the Palestinian enclave since then. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy