18 Aug, 2025 19:13 Home World News EU state hints at cutting off power supply to Ukraine Peter Szijjarto has accused Kiev of undermining Hungary’s energy security after an attack on a pipeline carrying Russian oil to the country Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto. © Klaudia Radecka/NurPhoto via Getty Images Hungary could cut off power supply to Ukraine in response to a recent attack on a pipeline carrying Russian oil to the EU state, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has suggested. Unlike most EU countries, Budapest has refused to provide military aid to Kiev, and has been a vocal critic of the bloc’s sanctions against Russia. Hungary’s relations with Ukraine have been steadily deteriorating in recent years, with Budapest accusing Kiev of discriminating against the Hungarian ethnic minority in Western Ukraine. In a post on X on Monday, Szijjarto stated that while “Russia has supplied oil to Hungary for decades via the Druzhba pipeline,” Ukraine “attacks this pipeline, and because of these Ukrainian strikes, oil supplies to Hungary are repeatedly cut off.” The diplomat stressed that Kiev’s actions go directly against his country’s national interests. Szijjarto went on to warn Kiev that a “significant part of Ukraine’s electricity comes from Hungary…” The remark came in response to a statement by Ukrainian Foreign Minister Andrey Sibiga. In an X post earlier on Monday, Sibiga wrote that “Hungary has made every effort to maintain its reliance on Russia,” even after the Ukraine conflict escalated in February 2022, and despite being “told for years that Moscow is an unreliable partner.” READ MORE: EU leaders want to overthrow three European governments – Budapest “You can now send your complaints – and threats – to your friends in Moscow,” Sibiga told Szijjarto. In an earlier message, the Hungarian official claimed that the “outrageous and unacceptable” Ukrainian attack on the conduit was part of concerted efforts by Kiev and Brussels to “drag Hungary into the war in Ukraine.” The previous attack on Druzhba happened as recently as last week. Druzhba is one of the world’s longest networks, transporting crude some 4,000km (2,485 miles) from Russia and Kazakhstan to the Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia. Commenting on the latest attack on the pipeline, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova suggested that the current Ukrainian leadership poses a threat to all neighboring nations, with Moscow having repeatedly warned about that since the 2014 Western-backed Maidan coup. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on European Union – EU Hungary Oil Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home World News Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage group busted – FSB Three of Kiev’s special forces operatives were killed in a shootout and three others captured, the agency has said Share Video Share Video 00:00 00:06 Source: FSB of Russia Russian law enforcement has broken up a Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage and reconnaissance group that planned terrorist attacks against transport infrastructure in Russia’s Bryansk Region, the Federal Security Service (FSB) has reported. During a gunfight with the perpetrators, three of the group’s members were killed and three others, including its commander, were captured, the agency said in a statement on Wednesday. It described the saboteurs as special forces operatives, supervised by Ukraine’s military intelligence (GUR). "The control and training of the... group was carried out with the direct participation of Western intelligence officers in Ukraine, as well as in Lithuania, Estonia and Norway,” the statement read. In a video of the interrogation, also published by the FSB, the commander of the saboteurs confirms that he had instructors from the UK, other European countries, and Canada. Read more Ukrainian terrorist attack on Crimean Bridge thwarted – FSB According to the agency, six US-made assault rifles with silencers, 16kg of Czech-made plastic explosives, a large number of NATO-type grenades and cartridges, and a communication device were seized at the group’s camp, located in a wooded area. The operation to eliminate the saboteurs was the result of coordination between the FSB, the national guard (Rosgvardiya) and the Russian Interior Ministry in Bryansk Region, the statement read. The arrested men confessed that they had been previously involved in explosions that damaged railway tracks in Belgorod Region in September 2024, as well as in preparations for other attacks inside Russia, the FSB said. A criminal case related to preparing sabotage has been opened, and investigations launched under criminal code articles relating to smuggling of weapons and explosives, illegal crossing of the Russian border and endangering the lives of law enforcement officers, it added. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:21 Source: FSB of Russia You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Federal Security Service – FSB Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 10:02 Home World News Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump The praise comes as the Israeli prime minister faces severe criticism over starvation and continued hostilities in Gaza FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. © Alex Wong / Getty Images US President Donald Trump has called Benjamin Netanyahu “a war hero” as the Israeli prime minister faces a global backlash over the Gaza humanitarian crisis and the Jewish state’s continued military campaign in the Palestinian enclave. In an interview with conservative commentator Mark Levin on Tuesday, Trump called Netanyahu “a good man” who he said is “there fighting.” “He’s a war hero. I guess I am too… [but] nobody cares… I sent those planes,” the US president added, referring to American strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities in June. Trump also claimed credit for past hostage releases in the Israeli-Hamas war, saying: “I’m the one that got all the hostages back… I’ve had so many letters from parents and from the kids themselves and the people that got out.” Read more Genocide in Gaza would have taken ‘one afternoon’ – Netanyahu Netanyahu’s government has meanwhile moved ahead with plans for a new military push to occupy Gaza City, which has already suffered unprecedented destruction in the hostilities that followed the surprise Hamas attack on Israel in October 2023. The plan, however, has sparked nationwide demonstrations , with tens of thousands taking to the streets across Israel. Throughout the conflict, Netanyahu has also faced public uproar over what has been seen as a reluctance to prioritize the release of hostages held by Hamas. Internationally, Netanyahu has faced severe criticism over the critical humanitarian situation in Gaza as well as accusations of impeding humanitarian aid. UN offices have warned that hunger in Gaza has reached extreme levels while urging Israel to restore access for relief groups “to stave off starvation.” According to the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 266 people, including 122 children, have died of starvation in the enclave. In July, 30 nations, including EU members, said that “suffering of civilians in Gaza has reached new depths” while condemning what they called “the drip feeding of aid and the inhumane killing of civilians… seeking to meet their most basic needs of water and food.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Benjamin Netanyahu Donald Trump Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy