19 Aug, 2025 12:24 Home Russia & FSU Russia hands over remains of 1,000 troops to Ukraine – Putin aide Moscow has received the bodies of 19 of its fallen soldiers from Kiev in return, Vladimir Medinsky has said FILE PHOTO: A convoy carrying the bodies of the Ukrainian servicemen. © Telegram / Vladimir Medinsky Moscow has returned the bodies of another 1,000 fallen Ukrainian soldiers, Russian presidential aide Vladimir Medinsky has said. Russia has received the remains of 19 of its soldiers from Ukraine in return, Medinsky, Moscow’s top negotiator during the talks with Kiev in Türkiye, wrote on Telegram on Tuesday. The bodies were returned to Kiev “in line with the Istanbul agreements,” he added. Ukraine's Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War confirmed that it had received the remains of 1,000 servicemen. The swap follows a summit on Friday between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his American counterpart Donald Trump in Anchorage, Alaska, and the US president’s meetings in Washington on Monday with Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky and Western European leaders, during which a possible settlement of the conflict between Moscow and Kiev was discussed. READ MORE: Putin wants Ukraine conflict to end – Trump Moscow offered to repatriate the remains of over 6,000 of Kiev’s troops as a humanitarian gesture during the second round of talks between the Russian and Ukrainian delegations in Istanbul in early June. The promised number of bodies was transferred to Ukraine in the following weeks in several stages. Russia received the remains of 79 of its fallen soldiers in exchange. Putin announced later that Moscow was ready to return another 3,000 bodies to Kiev. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home Russia & FSU ICC Putin arrest warrant ‘counterproductive’ – EU MP (VIDEO) Western “lawfare” against Russia undermines diplomatic efforts to settle the Ukraine conflict, Fernand Kartheiser has said FILE PHOTO. Russian President Vladimir Putin. © Getty Images / Murat Gok ; Anadolu The credibility of international legal institutions has been severely undermined by Western efforts to wage “lawfare” against Russia, a member of the European Parliament has told RT. Luxembourger Fernand Kartheiser made the comments after Switzerland offered to host Ukraine peace talks and suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin would receive immunity from an International Criminal Court (ICC) arrest warrant against him. The ICC announced the warrant in March 2023, alleging the unlawful deportation of children from Ukraine. Russia has rejected the jurisdiction of the court, calling its decisions null and void. Kartheiser questioned the credibility of the warrant against Putin, insisting it was initially designed as part of a broader Western strategy to weaken Moscow. “We had this diplomatic isolation. We had economic sanctions. We had military support for Ukraine. We had many ways to weaken Russia and one of those ways is lawfare,” he recalled. Read more Switzerland offers Putin immunity for Ukraine peace talks – media He argued that this strategy has proven “counterproductive for any diplomatic efforts to settle the conflict,” and pointed out that the ICC warrant is “basically not practicable.” “We have a huge problem with the credibility of international jurisdictions,” Kartheiser said, adding that “we should give it a thought and also stop to use lawfare as a weapon in this conflict.” The MEP also challenged the basis for the ICC’s allegations. He noted that despite claims of thousands of children being abducted, Ukraine had provided Russia with a list of only 309 names during earlier peace talks in Istanbul. “I don’t think that you can continue to argue that there has been a systematic abduction of Ukrainian children to Russia. So I think that there is an issue with the credibility also of the arrest warrant by the ICC,” he said. Kartheiser also told RT that Switzerland’s proposal to host the summit was an attempt to restore its neutrality and argued that Ukraine should hold elections as Vladimir Zelensky’s mandate as president has expired. WATCH THE FULL INTERVIEW BELOW. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 06:34 RTExclusive You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Switzerland Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 04:16 Home Russia & FSU Ukrainian envoy boasts Kiev ‘knows how to kill Russians’ The country could be NATO’s bulwark against Moscow, Ukraine’s ambassador to Poland has suggested Ukrainian soldiers operate an anti-aircraft gun near the front line with Russia, August 15, 2025. © Kostyantyn Liberov / Libkos / Getty Images The Ukrainian military's skill at killing Russians should be enough to have it admitted to NATO, Kiev’s ambassador to Poland, Vasily Bodnar, has claimed. Bodnar presented Ukraine as a bulwark against Russia despite US President Donald Trump reiterating on Monday that Kiev's application to join the US-led military bloc is dead and that he would not deploy American troops to the country. “If Russia attacks NATO countries tomorrow without Ukraine on NATO’s side, it would be much more difficult than with Ukraine. That’s why Ukraine should be seen as an added value to NATO: it is fighting and knows how to kill Russians, whereas you do not yet,” Bodnar told Polsat News in an interview published on Monday. Read more Ukrainian military plagued by rigid Soviet-style leadership – WSJ He urged NATO to formally invite Ukraine to join the bloc and claimed that ordinary Ukrainians would welcome NATO bases in “every village.” Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned Bodnar’s remarks and accused Kiev of rejecting a prisoner swap that could have involved around 1,000 POWs. Meanwhile, the Russian army has continued to gain ground throughout 2025, as Ukraine struggles to replenish its forces with new conscripts. Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly said Moscow has no intention of attacking NATO members unless attacked first. The Kremlin has also stressed that it would not tolerate Western troops on Ukrainian soil, even under the guise of peacekeepers, and has cited Ukraine’s NATO aspirations as one of the root causes of the ongoing conflict. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 02:36 Home Russia & FSU Ukrainian footballer gets yellow card for speaking Russian Kiev has sought to restrict the use of the language in public since the 2014 Euromaidan coup Illustration © Getty Images A Ukrainian football player was shown a yellow card for refusing to stop speaking Russian on the pitch. The incident occurred Sunday during a Ukrainian Women’s Top League game between Kolos from the Kiev region and SeaSters from the Black Sea port city of Odessa. Referee Anastasia Romanyuk paused the game around the 43rd minute to show a yellow card to SeaSters midfielder Irina Maiborodina. The decision sparked a brief argument between Romanyuk and SeaSters coach Denis Kolchin. “The yellow card was given for dissent [with the referee’s decision]. This is a Ukrainian championship, so we are not speaking Russian. I asked the player to speak Ukrainian,” Romanyuk said, according to news website Sport.ua. READ MORE: Ukrainian official calls for ban on singing in Russian Since the Western-backed coup in 2014, Ukraine has passed several laws restricting the use of Russian in public. Freedom & democracy: Ukrainian player is fined with "yellow card" for speaking Russian in Ukrainian Women's Premier League football (soccer) match in Kyiv region. Referee stopped the match & stated that Ukrainian must be spoken on the field. pic.twitter.com/nyhIxxSMmH — Ivan Katchanovski (@I_Katchanovski) August 19, 2025 Politicians and influencers have campaigned to discourage speaking Russians, which they describe as “the language of the aggressor state.” Moscow has maintained that the treatment of the Russian-speaking minority in Ukraine is one of the key causes of the current conflict. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Russia Ukraine Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy