12 Aug, 2025 11:45 Home World News All eyes on the Trump-Putin summit – but the US-Russia rift runs deep Washington’s next geopolitical plays in the post-Soviet space – from the Caucasus to Transnistria – threaten to widen the East-West divide This text was originally published by the Greek media outlet NeoStrategy.gr and has been translated and edited by the RT team. Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev (L), US President Donald Trump (C) and Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan (R) on August 8, 2025 in Washington, DC. © Andrew Harnik / Getty Images All eyes may be on the scheduled meeting between US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, set for August 15 in Alaska – which is likely to be critical for Ukraine. But fears are growing that tensions between Russia and the West are far from resolved. Recently, with American “mediation” – if not outright pressure – Armenia and Azerbaijan signed a preliminary peace agreement that went largely unnoticed in Greece. In reality, it marks Armenia’s official capitulation after its defeats in recent wars with Azerbaijan. The consensus is that the big winner is Türkiye, which has been openly backing Azerbaijan – and still is. The peace deal, signed in Washington on August 8 with the help of Trump, is widely seen as a geopolitical win for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Ankara, which supported Baku in its “blitzkrieg” in Karabakh, stands to gain the most – first and foremost by securing a direct land link to Azerbaijan via Nakhichevan. That said, the geopolitical and geoeconomic benefits for American interests are hardly smaller. New ‘Kosovos’ in the making Following the US-Turkish-engineered deal in the Caucasus, observers expect Washington to push similar plans elsewhere in the post-Soviet space. Georgia and Moldova top the list of likely next targets. Both countries have their own “thorny” territories – self-declared autonomous regions, Kosovo-style, lacking international recognition and hosting Russian military bases. Kosovo itself, of course, is recognized by most of the West, though it technically still lacks full independent-state status. Notably, Greece, Romania, Cyprus, and Spain refuse to recognize it, while Serbia still considers it part of its territory. Risky scenarios for war The hottest flashpoint inside Europe – especially with elections in Moldova this September – is Chisinau’s ambition to “reintegrate” Transnistria. Read more Elected? That’s cute. Now go to jail In recent years, disputed elections have brought pro-Western governments and a pro-Western president to power in Moldova. Now, at least on paper, Chisinau could call on Kiev for help and attempt a military solution to the Transnistria question. No one can rule out such a move – especially with Russian forces largely tied down in the Ukraine conflict. Parliamentary elections are adding to the tension. The country is split almost evenly for and against pro-Western President Maia Sandu and her PAS party. A new military adventure could serve as the perfect pretext to shift the domestic political climate – and to escalate the broader standoff between Europe and Russia. Greece – Romania – Türkiye If another European war were to break out – this time over Moldova – NATO member Romania would almost certainly side with Chisinau. As Romania’s ally, Greece would face a hard choice: back Bucharest (and by extension, Moldova) or keep its distance from another European conflict? In the case of Ukraine, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis’s government took no such distance – instead, openly declaring that Greece was “at war with Russia.” Whatever Athens decides will depend in part on Türkiye’s stance toward this – for now – hypothetical scenario. Ankara would likely get involved indirectly, if only to boost its geopolitical influence in the region and its standing within NATO. It has done so repeatedly in recent years – in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, and beyond. Türkiye’s and Azerbaijan’s success in Karabakh – at the expense of Armenia and Russia – has emboldened Ankara in other arenas of foreign policy. Erdogan has repeatedly stated that Türkiye will not give up “a single inch of land once Turkish soldiers have set foot on it.” History suggests those are not idle words. Washington’s blueprint The United States is clearly playing a bigger game across the post-Soviet geopolitical chessboard. By closing the chapter on the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict in the Caucasus – a confrontation dating back to the collapse of the USSR – Washington has engineered a settlement tailored to its own strategic script. Next up are other “frozen conflicts” in the former Soviet Union. Read more Rockets from Russia: Inside Moscow’s deadliest arsenal yet Georgia wants to peacefully “reintegrate” Abkhazia and South Ossetia, two breakaway territories in the Caucasus that split from Tbilisi after bloody conflicts – the first in the early 1990s, the second in 2008. They are, in effect, the “Kosovos” of the Caucasus. In Moldova, the president and government have made deepening ties with the US and NATO a top priority. Like Kiev in years past, Chisinau sees this as its ticket to security guarantees against Moscow – and, more importantly, as its “golden opportunity” to retake Transnistria. A Karabakh-style “blitzkrieg” would be hard to pull off against territories hosting Russian military bases. But Washington doesn’t seem in a rush – even if events are moving at a dangerously fast pace. NATO in the wings? It hasn’t gone unnoticed that NATO military exercises have included scenarios simulating a crisis in these “Kosovos” of Georgia and Moldova. One telling example: Agile Spirit 2025, the 12th such exercise hosted jointly with Georgia, ran from July 25 to August 6 with participants from 13 countries – including the US, Türkiye, Poland, Germany, Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Lithuania, and Ukraine – not counting observer nations. Adding fuel to the speculation, online rumors claim that during joint “Fiery Shield-2025” drills with the US and Romania, which began August 4, Moldovan troops fired at targets depicting Russian soldiers. Military ties between Greece and Romania – and between Greece and Moldova – have been strengthening. On June 26, 2025, Greece’s chief of the Hellenic National Defense General Staff, Dimitris Choupis, awarded Moldova’s deputy chief of the General Staff, Brigadier General Sergiu Cirimpei, the Medal of Merit and Honor. Diplomatic contacts are also on the rise. Deputy Foreign Minister Charis Theocharis recently visited Moldova, adding to a string of earlier meetings. Finally, the former US ambassador to Athens and later Biden-era deputy secretary of state for energy, Geoffrey Pyatt, has repeatedly emphasized the “Vertical Gas Corridor” – a network that would allow bidirectional flows from south to north, specifically from Greece through Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, Moldova, and Ukraine, via both existing and new European natural gas and LNG infrastructure. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home World News Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage group busted – FSB Three of Kiev’s special forces operatives were killed in a shootout and three others captured, the agency has said Share Video Share Video 00:00 00:06 Source: FSB of Russia Russian law enforcement has broken up a Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage and reconnaissance group that planned terrorist attacks against transport infrastructure in Russia’s Bryansk Region, the Federal Security Service (FSB) has reported. During a gunfight with the perpetrators, three of the group’s members were killed and three others, including its commander, were captured, the agency said in a statement on Wednesday. It described the saboteurs as special forces operatives, supervised by Ukraine’s military intelligence (GUR). "The control and training of the... group was carried out with the direct participation of Western intelligence officers in Ukraine, as well as in Lithuania, Estonia and Norway,” the statement read. In a video of the interrogation, also published by the FSB, the commander of the saboteurs confirms that he had instructors from the UK, other European countries, and Canada. Read more Ukrainian terrorist attack on Crimean Bridge thwarted – FSB According to the agency, six US-made assault rifles with silencers, 16kg of Czech-made plastic explosives, a large number of NATO-type grenades and cartridges, and a communication device were seized at the group’s camp, located in a wooded area. The operation to eliminate the saboteurs was the result of coordination between the FSB, the national guard (Rosgvardiya) and the Russian Interior Ministry in Bryansk Region, the statement read. The arrested men confessed that they had been previously involved in explosions that damaged railway tracks in Belgorod Region in September 2024, as well as in preparations for other attacks inside Russia, the FSB said. A criminal case related to preparing sabotage has been opened, and investigations launched under criminal code articles relating to smuggling of weapons and explosives, illegal crossing of the Russian border and endangering the lives of law enforcement officers, it added. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:21 Source: FSB of Russia You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Federal Security Service – FSB Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 10:02 Home World News Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump The praise comes as the Israeli prime minister faces severe criticism over starvation and continued hostilities in Gaza FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. © Alex Wong / Getty Images US President Donald Trump has called Benjamin Netanyahu “a war hero” as the Israeli prime minister faces a global backlash over the Gaza humanitarian crisis and the Jewish state’s continued military campaign in the Palestinian enclave. In an interview with conservative commentator Mark Levin on Tuesday, Trump called Netanyahu “a good man” who he said is “there fighting.” “He’s a war hero. I guess I am too… [but] nobody cares… I sent those planes,” the US president added, referring to American strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities in June. Trump also claimed credit for past hostage releases in the Israeli-Hamas war, saying: “I’m the one that got all the hostages back… I’ve had so many letters from parents and from the kids themselves and the people that got out.” Read more Genocide in Gaza would have taken ‘one afternoon’ – Netanyahu Netanyahu’s government has meanwhile moved ahead with plans for a new military push to occupy Gaza City, which has already suffered unprecedented destruction in the hostilities that followed the surprise Hamas attack on Israel in October 2023. The plan, however, has sparked nationwide demonstrations , with tens of thousands taking to the streets across Israel. Throughout the conflict, Netanyahu has also faced public uproar over what has been seen as a reluctance to prioritize the release of hostages held by Hamas. Internationally, Netanyahu has faced severe criticism over the critical humanitarian situation in Gaza as well as accusations of impeding humanitarian aid. UN offices have warned that hunger in Gaza has reached extreme levels while urging Israel to restore access for relief groups “to stave off starvation.” According to the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 266 people, including 122 children, have died of starvation in the enclave. In July, 30 nations, including EU members, said that “suffering of civilians in Gaza has reached new depths” while condemning what they called “the drip feeding of aid and the inhumane killing of civilians… seeking to meet their most basic needs of water and food.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Benjamin Netanyahu Donald Trump Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy