18 Aug, 2025 23:29 Home World News The EU and Kiev are losing, and Trump is my witness The Washington meeting shows Zelensky and his backers are playing catch-up to American and Russian leaders By Nadezhda Romanenko , political analyst © Sputnik Monday’s White House summit featuring US President Donald Trump, Vladimir Zelensky, and several senior EU figures ended without any grand announcements. Yet beneath the surface, a high-stakes diplomatic contest is unfolding over Washington’s role in the Ukraine conflict. The lack of a decisive outcome suggests that the real work is happening behind the scenes. Trump’s behavior – particularly his decision not to echo Kiev’s or Brussels’s messaging in the post-meeting briefings – is a signal. He is asserting his control over the narrative, reflecting that he remains unpersuaded by EU and Ukrainian arguments for continued Western entanglement in the conflict. A strategic tug-of-war The summit and the diplomatic moves surrounding it are a tug-of-war, with Moscow’s goal being to remove Washington’s involvement in the conflict, while that of Brussels and Kiev is to keep it anchored in their corner. The absence of new sanctions or pressure on Russia following last Friday’s Putin-Trump summit in Alaska suggests Moscow is gaining momentum. Trump has even shifted from demanding a ceasefire to advocating direct peace talks – a position more congenial to Moscow. Read more Trump comments on potential Ukraine talks breakthrough Zelensky and several EU leaders came to Washington to reinforce Trump’s alignment. The want to persuade Trump: strengthen sanctions, maintain arms shipments, and ensure Ukraine has the security architecture they want. Thus far, though, their pull seems to be struggling. Trump, from the outset, appeared to put the EU and Ukraine on the defensive, signaling that their influence is limited. The backdrop is critical: just days before, Trump hosted Putin in Anchorage, and that summit paved the way for more flexible diplomacy that sidesteps EU-defined preconditions. European leaders arriving at the White House now are playing catch-up – trying to steer a conversation already impacted by Trump’s shift. The security guarantees question Everything hinges on security guarantees for Ukraine – a deeply contested issue. Moscow is adamant that any meaningful guarantee depends on Ukrainian neutrality and demilitarization. In contrast, Kiev and the EU are pushing for a reinforced Ukrainian military, possible NATO deployment on Ukrainian soil or even eventual NATO accession. These efforts by the Europeans appear desperate, even naïve – given that Russia is slowly but steadily winning the war on the ground. And as Russia makes military gains, Kiev’s and Brussels’ wiggle room in the negotiations shrinks. Read more Putin aide confirms details of Trump call That said, their attempts shouldn’t be dismissed outright. The shape of the peace deal slow-cooked in Washington will determine Ukraine’s fate – and by extension, much of Europe’s future security structure. Moscow, meanwhile, remains unperturbed. After Trump’s meeting with Zelensky and the Europeans, he held a 40-minute phone conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Judging by the information released about the substance of the call, Trump made no demands and Putin offered no concessions. They talked about continuing direct Russia-Ukraine talks. They also discussed “elevating” the level of the talks, and according to German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who was present at Monday’s meeting, direct talks between Putin and Zelensky could take place within two weeks. It is clear that the Kremlin remains steadfast and poised to consider setting the terms while it holds all the military cards. In the end, the Washington summit may have lacked ceremony and a spectacular outcome, but it was loaded with geopolitical subtext: a contest over whether the US remains a supporter to Ukraine or begins to shift back toward a more transactional, realist posture. The EU, recognizing its diminishing leverage, is trying to reclaim the narrative as the battleground, at least for now, is clearly tilting against it. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU Russia US Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home World News Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage group busted – FSB Three of Kiev’s special forces operatives were killed in a shootout and three others captured, the agency has said Share Video Share Video 00:00 00:06 Source: FSB of Russia Russian law enforcement has broken up a Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage and reconnaissance group that planned terrorist attacks against transport infrastructure in Russia’s Bryansk Region, the Federal Security Service (FSB) has reported. During a gunfight with the perpetrators, three of the group’s members were killed and three others, including its commander, were captured, the agency said in a statement on Wednesday. It described the saboteurs as special forces operatives, supervised by Ukraine’s military intelligence (GUR). "The control and training of the... group was carried out with the direct participation of Western intelligence officers in Ukraine, as well as in Lithuania, Estonia and Norway,” the statement read. In a video of the interrogation, also published by the FSB, the commander of the saboteurs confirms that he had instructors from the UK, other European countries, and Canada. Read more Ukrainian terrorist attack on Crimean Bridge thwarted – FSB According to the agency, six US-made assault rifles with silencers, 16kg of Czech-made plastic explosives, a large number of NATO-type grenades and cartridges, and a communication device were seized at the group’s camp, located in a wooded area. The operation to eliminate the saboteurs was the result of coordination between the FSB, the national guard (Rosgvardiya) and the Russian Interior Ministry in Bryansk Region, the statement read. The arrested men confessed that they had been previously involved in explosions that damaged railway tracks in Belgorod Region in September 2024, as well as in preparations for other attacks inside Russia, the FSB said. A criminal case related to preparing sabotage has been opened, and investigations launched under criminal code articles relating to smuggling of weapons and explosives, illegal crossing of the Russian border and endangering the lives of law enforcement officers, it added. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:21 Source: FSB of Russia You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Federal Security Service – FSB Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 10:02 Home World News Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump The praise comes as the Israeli prime minister faces severe criticism over starvation and continued hostilities in Gaza FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. © Alex Wong / Getty Images US President Donald Trump has called Benjamin Netanyahu “a war hero” as the Israeli prime minister faces a global backlash over the Gaza humanitarian crisis and the Jewish state’s continued military campaign in the Palestinian enclave. In an interview with conservative commentator Mark Levin on Tuesday, Trump called Netanyahu “a good man” who he said is “there fighting.” “He’s a war hero. I guess I am too… [but] nobody cares… I sent those planes,” the US president added, referring to American strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities in June. Trump also claimed credit for past hostage releases in the Israeli-Hamas war, saying: “I’m the one that got all the hostages back… I’ve had so many letters from parents and from the kids themselves and the people that got out.” Read more Genocide in Gaza would have taken ‘one afternoon’ – Netanyahu Netanyahu’s government has meanwhile moved ahead with plans for a new military push to occupy Gaza City, which has already suffered unprecedented destruction in the hostilities that followed the surprise Hamas attack on Israel in October 2023. The plan, however, has sparked nationwide demonstrations , with tens of thousands taking to the streets across Israel. Throughout the conflict, Netanyahu has also faced public uproar over what has been seen as a reluctance to prioritize the release of hostages held by Hamas. Internationally, Netanyahu has faced severe criticism over the critical humanitarian situation in Gaza as well as accusations of impeding humanitarian aid. UN offices have warned that hunger in Gaza has reached extreme levels while urging Israel to restore access for relief groups “to stave off starvation.” According to the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 266 people, including 122 children, have died of starvation in the enclave. In July, 30 nations, including EU members, said that “suffering of civilians in Gaza has reached new depths” while condemning what they called “the drip feeding of aid and the inhumane killing of civilians… seeking to meet their most basic needs of water and food.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Benjamin Netanyahu Donald Trump Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy