15 Aug, 2025 15:08 Home World News The EU throws an epic tantrum as Trump meets with Putin Brussels has been relegated to running behind Trump, pleading to let Zelensky have any say in a Russia-Ukraine war resolution By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. By Rachel Marsden , a columnist, political strategist, and host of independently produced talk-shows in French and English. rachelmarsden.com FILE PHOTO: European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. © AP Photo / Omar Havana The European Union had been wailing about “ transatlantic unity ” in the run-up to US President Trump heading to the negotiating table with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska on Friday – without it. It sounded like a toddler stomping their feet because Daddy let go of their hand in the mall and now they’re lost between Cinnabon and Burger King. A lot of good their dogmatic rhetoric has done them so far. If it wasn’t for Brussels getting drunk on its own transatlantic solidarity and unity propaganda, maybe it wouldn’t currently be in economic and political dire straits. The kind where you’re trying to duct-tape your economy back together with overpriced American gas. They could have charted a different path vis-a-vis Russia. Maybe one that involved spearheading diplomacy rather than marching in lockstep behind the US-led NATO parade of weapons and fighters on Russia’s border with Ukraine, which helped supercharge the conflict in the first place. They could have insisted on keeping their cheap Russian energy instead of sanctioning their own imports like they were vying for a Nobel Prize in masochism. Now, the US is daring them to even close their clever little loophole in their own anti-Russian sanctions. The one that lets them moralize about helping Ukraine and the need to avoid negotiations with Russia while guzzling Russian fuel on the down-low. Trump Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent told them to “put up or shut up” and sanction the Indian and Chinese importers of Russian petroleum through which the EU still buys Russian fuel. Read more Putin-Trump summit in Alaska: As it happened While the EU indulges itself in rhetorical games, Trump has dropped all pretexts of serving any interests but America’s first, and isn’t following any agenda beyond trying to wrap things up with Russia in Ukraine and to score some economic wins in the process. Brussels has had more than three years to do the same. Instead, it kept repeating the mantra that Kiev had to win on the battlefield. There were no other options, it said. Whoops! Now that the option has materialized, the Europeans are relegated to running behind Trump, pleading with him to indulge them by letting Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky decide where the post-conflict borders will be. What did they think the downside of their “win by force” gamble would be, if not changed borders? The EU insists on Ukraine fighting Russia with EU cash and weapons, and when Kiev loses, they say, “Ok, well this sucks – how about if everyone just pretends that none of this happened and we dial all the territorial gains and losses back to a point of our choosing, okay?” The EU insisted on waiting for someone else to take the initiative for peace. Now all it can do is pick up its pom-poms and cheer Trump on. Then hope that he rewards it. As Zelensky’s self-appointed babysitters, instead of spending the past week in the run-up to the Alaska summit insisting that Putin and Trump allow a high chair booster seat and a pack of crayons at the negotiating table so he can show them where he wants the borders, maybe the Europeans should have been calming him down and managing expectations. He sounded like he was treating his phone like a toy, calling up everyone in the contacts under “EU” – Estonia, Denmark, probably a few pizza places… The EU has tried to gaslight Trump with the same rhetoric that it constantly firehoses onto European citizens about peace in Ukraine being a dangerous gateway drug for Russia to invade Western Europe – a convenient marketing pitch to justify boosting the weapons industry to the detriment of domestic priorities. Not even warhawk US Senator Lindsey Graham is saying that now, telling NBC News that “Russia is not going to Kiev” ...let alone the EU. Read more Here’s why all the critics of Alaska summit are wrong European leaders treated Wednesday’s video call with Trump like a win. Perhaps because he didn’t explicitly tell them off, for once. But they really have no idea what he’ll actually discuss with Putin, nor do they have leverage over any eventual US–Russia deal. They don’t know whether Trump is just placating them because he doesn’t need a bunch of hysterical circus clowns in the mix. So how could the EU spin this to avoid looking completely irrelevant? “Today Europe, the US and NATO have strengthened the common ground for Ukraine, we will remain in close coordination. Nobody wants peace more than us. A just and lasting peace,” said unelected EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Yeah, sounds desperate for peace, alright. Which must be why the EU is building weapons factories at breakneck speed, according to the Financial Times . Nothing says “we’re committed to ending the war” like tripling down on weapons. What are you going to do with all those if peace breaks out? Toss them in the landfill and hope that taxpayers forget about the boondoggle, like you did with the hundreds of millions of unused Covid jabs ? Brussels talks like a co-architect of global policy, but in practice it’s more like a subcontractor who has to implement someone else’s blueprint. The Alaska summit exclusion exposes how little agency it actually has in resolving conflicts that it has been funding and fueling. So much for a “feminist” foreign policy. The EU is behaving like a geopolitical tradwife. Whatever happens between Trump and Putin, the EU has already vowed to adopt Ukraine’s problems while crossing its fingers that Trump might pitch in with “assistance” – military or otherwise. Why would Trump want a piece of that when Brussels has already welcomed it being dumped on its lap? Why settle for normalization with Russia, business, trade, and peace when you can have endless soap opera reruns instead? The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump European Union – EU Russia US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home World News Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage group busted – FSB Three of Kiev’s special forces operatives were killed in a shootout and three others captured, the agency has said Share Video Share Video 00:00 00:06 Source: FSB of Russia Russian law enforcement has broken up a Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage and reconnaissance group that planned terrorist attacks against transport infrastructure in Russia’s Bryansk Region, the Federal Security Service (FSB) has reported. During a gunfight with the perpetrators, three of the group’s members were killed and three others, including its commander, were captured, the agency said in a statement on Wednesday. It described the saboteurs as special forces operatives, supervised by Ukraine’s military intelligence (GUR). "The control and training of the... group was carried out with the direct participation of Western intelligence officers in Ukraine, as well as in Lithuania, Estonia and Norway,” the statement read. In a video of the interrogation, also published by the FSB, the commander of the saboteurs confirms that he had instructors from the UK, other European countries, and Canada. Read more Ukrainian terrorist attack on Crimean Bridge thwarted – FSB According to the agency, six US-made assault rifles with silencers, 16kg of Czech-made plastic explosives, a large number of NATO-type grenades and cartridges, and a communication device were seized at the group’s camp, located in a wooded area. The operation to eliminate the saboteurs was the result of coordination between the FSB, the national guard (Rosgvardiya) and the Russian Interior Ministry in Bryansk Region, the statement read. The arrested men confessed that they had been previously involved in explosions that damaged railway tracks in Belgorod Region in September 2024, as well as in preparations for other attacks inside Russia, the FSB said. A criminal case related to preparing sabotage has been opened, and investigations launched under criminal code articles relating to smuggling of weapons and explosives, illegal crossing of the Russian border and endangering the lives of law enforcement officers, it added. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:21 Source: FSB of Russia You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Federal Security Service – FSB Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 10:02 Home World News Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump The praise comes as the Israeli prime minister faces severe criticism over starvation and continued hostilities in Gaza FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. © Alex Wong / Getty Images US President Donald Trump has called Benjamin Netanyahu “a war hero” as the Israeli prime minister faces a global backlash over the Gaza humanitarian crisis and the Jewish state’s continued military campaign in the Palestinian enclave. In an interview with conservative commentator Mark Levin on Tuesday, Trump called Netanyahu “a good man” who he said is “there fighting.” “He’s a war hero. I guess I am too… [but] nobody cares… I sent those planes,” the US president added, referring to American strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities in June. Trump also claimed credit for past hostage releases in the Israeli-Hamas war, saying: “I’m the one that got all the hostages back… I’ve had so many letters from parents and from the kids themselves and the people that got out.” Read more Genocide in Gaza would have taken ‘one afternoon’ – Netanyahu Netanyahu’s government has meanwhile moved ahead with plans for a new military push to occupy Gaza City, which has already suffered unprecedented destruction in the hostilities that followed the surprise Hamas attack on Israel in October 2023. The plan, however, has sparked nationwide demonstrations , with tens of thousands taking to the streets across Israel. Throughout the conflict, Netanyahu has also faced public uproar over what has been seen as a reluctance to prioritize the release of hostages held by Hamas. Internationally, Netanyahu has faced severe criticism over the critical humanitarian situation in Gaza as well as accusations of impeding humanitarian aid. UN offices have warned that hunger in Gaza has reached extreme levels while urging Israel to restore access for relief groups “to stave off starvation.” According to the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 266 people, including 122 children, have died of starvation in the enclave. In July, 30 nations, including EU members, said that “suffering of civilians in Gaza has reached new depths” while condemning what they called “the drip feeding of aid and the inhumane killing of civilians… seeking to meet their most basic needs of water and food.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Benjamin Netanyahu Donald Trump Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy