14 Aug, 2025 19:33 Home World News Tara Reade: Without Zelensky, peace has a chance The Ukrainian leader has become a liability to the West – which is why peace will be decided between Trump and Putin FILE PHOTO: Vladimir Zelensky. © Stephanie Lecocq - WPA Pool / Getty Images In 1867, the Russian empire sold Alaska to the US for $7.2 million. Perhaps the location of the upcoming summit between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin is a nod and a wink to such a great deal? Maybe Putin will like Alaska so much he will have seller’s remorse? Trump promised America a golden age coming that included ending the US involvement in Ukraine. No more US taxpayer money, no more weapons to Ukraine. No more escalation towards a nuclear war. Finally, that campaign promise looks to be coming to fruition with the upcoming summit to be held between the two superpower presidents, Trump and Putin, in Alaska. Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky publicly dismissed Trump’s peace plans. The last time Zelensky protested a movement towards peace he had European leaders rallying behind him. This time proves more tricky for the illegitimate president of Ukraine with his people protesting forced conscriptions and the bloody losses of men and women for a war feeding the EU and Washington. Zelensky’s firing of an anti-corruption team triggered the latest uprising as he still will not hold elections. In short, Zelensky’s time is done and he will need to flee, along with his corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs, to the nearest European villa haven or face the possible fate of many unpopular dictators – death. Trump has many reasons for wanting this peace summit with Putin to be a success. First, he is by all accounts, ducking hits by his base about not releasing the Epstein files. The MAGA base is loyal but practical, and if the economy does not improve and foreign wars continue, they will turn their back on the Republican Party, not just Trump. Also, the Ukraine conflict represents Biden and the old guard. Trump has repeatedly said, “This is NOT my war.” Trump has a certain respect for Putin. However, as time passes and old hawks like senator Lindsay Graham salivate for more blood and death, Trump’s goal of being the ‘peace president’ moves farther out of reach. The American people are over Ukraine, they are sick of American foreign adventures on taxpayer money that have left America’s infrastructure and morale in tatters. Trump is trying to undo decades of lies about wars and domestic policy now revealed to the public. The American distrust in media is at an all-time high due to the years of lies about wars, Covid, and domestic issues. This culminates in collective cynicism while social media allows for examinations of truths. The cultural divide and frustrations in America are deeply felt but the main concern for Americans is the ability to get access to affordable food, housing, and medical care. All of this has been in crisis especially since the Biden regime drove the US economy into the ground raising the debt ceiling and focusing on endless wars. Read more Kiev tries to kill as many civilians as it can right before talks The economic allure of Russia and America having positive productive trade is not lost on Trump and his leadership. Russia has risen above sanctions with a strong economy, and BRICS has been growing stronger. The attempts to isolate Russia have failed, while the collective West has remained under the thumb of past US hawks. This has brought the near collapse of some of the Western European economies. Trump at his heart is a businessman interested in economic competition rather than war. His current administration is a mix of old guard neocon hawks and anti-war doves. This curious mixture with strong influences from Israel means Trump’s foreign policy still somewhat aligns with Biden’s and Obama’s – and that is a comparison he wishes to distance himself from. Both the US and Russia know that Ukraine employs terrorist tactics, killing civilians and targeting journalists, which is problematic to any signed legal agreements. There is also the fact that Moscow does not consider Zelensky a legitimate president since his term ran out and he canceled elections. How legal would any peace agreements signed with him be? Perhaps the answer will come from the US president in the form of guarantees of no more weapons or funding to Ukraine, but these would have to involve binding commitments – unlike earlier empty promises of no eastward NATO expansion. Ultimately, Zelensky is less than inconsequential to the future of global politics – he is a liability to the West. The real end to this proxy war between the US/NATO and Russia will be decided between Trump and Putin. It will likely start with broad brush strokes of a peace agreement, with details, boundaries and consequences laid out later in bureaucratic form. There will be posturing, but also economic and trade deals made. Perhaps a joint mission in space could be one positive outcome? The lifting of sanctions and putting an end to the Russophobia campaign fueled by Obama and Biden? A more positive approach to disarmament of nuclear weapons? While Putin might not buy back Alaska for Russia, there may be some movement to final peace in regards to Ukraine. If the EU falls into line with the US to drop this proxy war, stop supplying weapons, and not allow Ukraine into NATO, then real peace does have some hope. The world may even have a chance of having a new golden age, rather than a future of nuclear ash. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Opinion You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia US Ukraine Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy More 20 Aug, 2025 11:23 Home World News Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage group busted – FSB Three of Kiev’s special forces operatives were killed in a shootout and three others captured, the agency has said Share Video Share Video 00:00 00:06 Source: FSB of Russia Russian law enforcement has broken up a Western-trained Ukrainian sabotage and reconnaissance group that planned terrorist attacks against transport infrastructure in Russia’s Bryansk Region, the Federal Security Service (FSB) has reported. During a gunfight with the perpetrators, three of the group’s members were killed and three others, including its commander, were captured, the agency said in a statement on Wednesday. It described the saboteurs as special forces operatives, supervised by Ukraine’s military intelligence (GUR). "The control and training of the... group was carried out with the direct participation of Western intelligence officers in Ukraine, as well as in Lithuania, Estonia and Norway,” the statement read. In a video of the interrogation, also published by the FSB, the commander of the saboteurs confirms that he had instructors from the UK, other European countries, and Canada. Read more Ukrainian terrorist attack on Crimean Bridge thwarted – FSB According to the agency, six US-made assault rifles with silencers, 16kg of Czech-made plastic explosives, a large number of NATO-type grenades and cartridges, and a communication device were seized at the group’s camp, located in a wooded area. The operation to eliminate the saboteurs was the result of coordination between the FSB, the national guard (Rosgvardiya) and the Russian Interior Ministry in Bryansk Region, the statement read. The arrested men confessed that they had been previously involved in explosions that damaged railway tracks in Belgorod Region in September 2024, as well as in preparations for other attacks inside Russia, the FSB said. A criminal case related to preparing sabotage has been opened, and investigations launched under criminal code articles relating to smuggling of weapons and explosives, illegal crossing of the Russian border and endangering the lives of law enforcement officers, it added. Share Video Download Share Video 00:00 01:21 Source: FSB of Russia You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Federal Security Service – FSB Russia Russia-Ukraine conflict Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 10:02 Home World News Netanyahu a ‘war hero’ – Trump The praise comes as the Israeli prime minister faces severe criticism over starvation and continued hostilities in Gaza FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. © Alex Wong / Getty Images US President Donald Trump has called Benjamin Netanyahu “a war hero” as the Israeli prime minister faces a global backlash over the Gaza humanitarian crisis and the Jewish state’s continued military campaign in the Palestinian enclave. In an interview with conservative commentator Mark Levin on Tuesday, Trump called Netanyahu “a good man” who he said is “there fighting.” “He’s a war hero. I guess I am too… [but] nobody cares… I sent those planes,” the US president added, referring to American strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities in June. Trump also claimed credit for past hostage releases in the Israeli-Hamas war, saying: “I’m the one that got all the hostages back… I’ve had so many letters from parents and from the kids themselves and the people that got out.” Read more Genocide in Gaza would have taken ‘one afternoon’ – Netanyahu Netanyahu’s government has meanwhile moved ahead with plans for a new military push to occupy Gaza City, which has already suffered unprecedented destruction in the hostilities that followed the surprise Hamas attack on Israel in October 2023. The plan, however, has sparked nationwide demonstrations , with tens of thousands taking to the streets across Israel. Throughout the conflict, Netanyahu has also faced public uproar over what has been seen as a reluctance to prioritize the release of hostages held by Hamas. Internationally, Netanyahu has faced severe criticism over the critical humanitarian situation in Gaza as well as accusations of impeding humanitarian aid. UN offices have warned that hunger in Gaza has reached extreme levels while urging Israel to restore access for relief groups “to stave off starvation.” According to the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 266 people, including 122 children, have died of starvation in the enclave. In July, 30 nations, including EU members, said that “suffering of civilians in Gaza has reached new depths” while condemning what they called “the drip feeding of aid and the inhumane killing of civilians… seeking to meet their most basic needs of water and food.” You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Benjamin Netanyahu Donald Trump Gaza Strip Israel Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy 20 Aug, 2025 08:02 Home World News US realistic about chances of Ukraine peace – Trump aide The conflict between Moscow and Kiev will not be settled overnight, Monica Crowley has said US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin leave following a press-conference in Anchorage. © Getty Images / Andrew Harnik Washington does not expect a swift resolution to the Ukraine conflict because such negotiations usually take time, US Chief of Protocol Monica Crowley has said. On Friday, US President Donald Trump hosted his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in Alaska for the first face-to-face talks between the leaders of the two countries since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. On Monday, Trump summoned Ukraine’s Vladimir Zelensky to the White House to discuss a possible settlement. He arrived accompanied by the leaders of France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland, as well as the heads of NATO and the European Commission. Crowley told Fox News on Tuesday that the “very productive meeting” with Putin in Anchorage and the subsequent talks in Washington with Zelensky and his Western European backers “have been game changers for the peace process.” The chief of protocol said she thought that currently “all parties are interested in achieving peace.” Read more White House sees ‘light at end of tunnel’ on Ukraine However, she stressed that the settlement of the Ukraine conflict “is not going to happen overnight. We talked about the peace process in the Middle East. Peace is a process.” Trump, who claimed repeatedly during his reelection campaign last year that he would end the hostilities between Moscow and Kiev “in 24 hours,” was later forced to acknowledge that doing so turned out to be much more complicated than he expected. Despite expressing a readiness to negotiate, Russia has never voiced deadlines for achieving peace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stressed previously that “there is no point in setting any strict timeframes or trying to fit a viable settlement into a short period. This is a thankless pursuit.” Trump said on Tuesday that Putin and Zelensky should next meet one-on-one before a potential trilateral summit with him. “They had a hard relationship, very bad, very bad relationship. And now we will see how they do and if necessary, and it probably would be, but if necessary, I will go and I will probably be able to get [the deal] closed,” the US president claimed. READ MORE: First Putin-Zelensky meeting ‘would be better without me’ – Trump Zelensky told reporters on Monday that he is ready for potential talks with Putin. The Russian president said earlier that he could meet with the Ukrainian leader during the “final stage” of negotiations. You can share this story on social media: Follow RT on Donald Trump Russia-Ukraine conflict Vladimir Putin Vladimir Zelensky Dear readers! Thank you for your vibrant engagement with our content and for sharing your points of view. Please note that we have switched to a new commenting system. To leave comments, you will need to register. We are working on some adjustments so if you have questions or suggestions feel free to send them to feedback@rttv.ru . Please check our commenting policy